agribusiness;/'æɡrɪbɪznəs/;n. 农业综合企业;farming engaged in as a large-scale business operation including the production, processing, and distribution of agricultural products and the manufacture of farm machinery, equipment, and supplies;The products of this agribusiness were exported to many foreign companies.,这家农业综合企业的产品出口至多家海外企业。
fragrant;/ˈfreɪɡrənt/;adj. 芬芳的；香的;having a pleasant and usually sweet smell;I love this perfume's fragrant smell.,我喜欢这瓶香水的香味。
disagree;/ˌdɪsəˈɡriː/;v. 意见不同，不一致;to have a different opinion :to fail to agree;My mother always disagrees with my opinions.,我妈经常与我的意见不合。
agree with sb.;;phr. 同意某人的看法，与某人看法一致; agree with sb's word;He and I both agree with each other.,他和我都同意了对方的观点。
agrarian;/əˈɡreriən/;adj. 耕地的;of or relating to farms and farming;We need a highly developed agrarian economy to ensure that we have enough food.,我们需要高度发达的农耕经济来保证食物充足。
agreement;/əˈɡriːmənt/;n. 协议，一致，同意;the statement (oral or written) of an exchange of promises;Both of them were happy with their agreement.,他们双方都对协议感到满意。
agriculture;/ˈæɡrɪkʌltʃər/;n. 农业;the science or occupation of farming;Farmers rely on agriculture for their living.,农民以务农为生。
vagrant;/ˈveɪɡrənt/;n. 游民；  adj. 漂泊的;a person who has no place to live and no job and who asks people for money;Vagrants sleep under bridges, or wherever they can.,游民睡在桥下，或者任何他们可以睡的地方。
chagrin;/ʃəˈɡrɪn/;n. 懊恼，委屈，气愤；  v. 使…懊恼;a feeling of being frustrated or annoyed because of failure or disappointment; To my chagrin, I shouldn't have committed a crime., 我太懊恼了，我真不该犯罪。	
agree on;;对……意见一致;;We all agree on the solid fact that peace is the only way to prosperity.,我们都一致认为：和平是通往繁荣的唯一道路，这是一个不争的事实。
diagram;/ˈdaɪəɡræm/;n. 图解，图表;a drawing that explains or shows the parts of something;This is a diagram of human hair growth.,这是人类头发生长的图解。
reach an agreement;;达成一致;;We reached an agreement during the meeting and decided to become partners.,在会议中我们达成了一致，并决定成为合作伙伴。
fragrance;/ˈfreɪɡrəns/;n. 香水；香味；芳香;a liquid that you put on your skin in order to make yourself smell nice;Her fragrance smells wonderful.,她的香水闻起来很香。
agree to do sth.;;同意做某事; be in accord; be in agreement;She agreed to help me with my homework.,她同意帮助我做我的家庭作业。
agreeable;/əˈɡriːəbl/;adj. （欣然）同意的，乐意的，舒服，舒适的，令人愉快的，惬意的;ready or willing to agree; willing to do or allow something;The customer was agreeable to my suggestions.,顾客欣然接受了我的建议。
conflagration;/ˌkɑːnfləˈɡreɪʃn/;n. 建筑物或森林大火;a large destructive fire;The fierce conflagration burned the entire forest to the ground.,这场猛烈的大火将整片森林烧为平地。
flagrant;/ˈfleɪɡrənt/;adj. 罪恶昭彰的，残暴的，丑恶可耻的，明目张胆的;very bad :too bad to be ignored;This flagrant theft happened on a busy street, in broad daylight.,光天化日之下，那桩罪恶昭彰的盗窃案发生在了一条繁忙的大街上。
agricultural;/ˌæɡrɪˈkʌltʃərəl/;adj. 农业的，农艺的;of, relating to, or used in farming or agriculture;The agricultural industry is so advanced that there should be enough food for everyone.,农业产业相当发达，足以供应每个人食物了。
disagreement;/ˌdɪsəˈɡriːmənt/;n. 分歧，意见不合，争执，争论，不同，差异;a difference of opinion :an argument caused by people having different opinions about something;They had a disagreement about what to build with their toys.,他们对用这些积木造什么产生了分歧。
agree;/əˈɡriː/;v. 同意，赞成，一致，适合;to say that you will do, accept, or allow something that is suggested or requested by another person;Well, we both agree that the house is worth $100,000, so I'll buy it.,行，既然我们一致觉得10万美元买下这房子合适，那就成交吧。
agreed;/ə'griːd/;adj. 同意的，赞成的;determined by common consent.;The members are agreed that the project should be passed.,成员们都同意这个项目应该被通过。
paragraph;/ˈpærəɡræf/;n. （文章的）段，节;a part of a piece of writing that usually deals with one subject, that begins on a new line, and that is made up of one or more sentences;Please summarize the main point of this paragraph.,请总结这一段的大意。
meagre;/ˈmiːɡər/;adj. 瘦的，贫弱的，贫乏的;deficient in amount or quality or extent;He leads a meagre life; on some days he doesn't eat at all.,他的生活很贫困，有时候他会整天饿着肚子。
disagreeable;/ˌdɪsəˈɡriːəbl/;adj. 讨厌的，难相处的；  n. 令人不快的事情（或情况、经历或特性等），讨厌的人;difficult to deal with :easily angered or annoyed;He thinks that the smell of this canned fish is highly disagreeable.,他觉得这种鱼罐头（鲱鱼罐头）超级难闻！
