well-qualified;/'welkw'ɒlɪfaɪd/;adj. 有资格的;more than adequately qualified.;He's well-qualified for this job, because he can meet all of our needs.,他完全能够胜任这份工作，因为他可以满足我们所有的需求。
materialistic;/məˌtɪriəˈlɪstɪk/;adj. 唯物论的，唯物主义的，唯物主义者的;;Is it materialistic to dream of sleeping on a bed of money?,梦见睡在钞票堆里，是不是太物质享乐主义了？
megalithic;/ˌmeɡəˈlɪθɪk/;adj. 巨石制的，有巨石物征的;of or relating to megaliths or the people who erected megaliths;How did prehistoric man transport the stones to make megalithic monuments?,这些古人是如何运输石块来建巨石纪念物的？
professionalism;/prəˈfeʃənəlɪzəm/;n. 专业性;the skill, good judgment, and polite behavior that is expected from a person who is trained to do a job well; Lanxiang best establishes the professionalism in excavator operations.,蓝翔为挖掘机技术树立了专业标杆。
minimalist;/ˈmɪnɪməlɪst/;n. 最简式抽象派艺术家，最低纲领主义者；  adj. 最简式抽象派艺术家的;of, relating to, or following a style in art, literature, or music that is very simple and uses a small number of colors, parts, materials, etc.;His minimalist pure-white paintings took him no time to paint.,他的“最低限度纯白绘画”基本上不需要花时间。
alias;/ˈeɪliəs/;n. 别名，化名；  adv. 别名为，化名为;an additional name that a person (such as a criminal) sometimes uses;This was my QQ alias when I was a pupil.,我小学时QQ化名是这样的。
Italian;/ɪ'tæliən/;adj. 意大利的，意大利人的，意大利语的；  n. 意大利人，意大利语;of or pertaining to or characteristic of Italy or its people or culture or language;Many people are fond of Italian food.,许多人喜欢意大利食物。
revitalization;/ˌriːˌvaɪtələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 复兴，复苏，新生;bringing again into activity and prominence;Weak patients took medicine to help with revitalization.,虚弱的病人吃了药，以便恢复健康。
qualification;/ˌkwɑːlɪfɪˈkeɪʃn/;n. 资格证明；合格证书；资格；限制性条件;an exam that you have passed or a course of study that you have successfully completed;  a skill or type of experience that you need for a particular job or activity;With her qualifications, it was very easy to find a job.,她有各种资格证书，找到工作易如反掌。
realist;/ˈriːəlɪst/;n. 现实主义作家;a writer, painter etc who shows or describes things, especially unpleasant things, as they really are in life;He was a realist who wrote many poems about real life.,他是一位现实主义作家，写了很多有关现实生活的诗。
cavalier;/ˌkævəˈlɪr/;n. 骑士，武士;having or showing no concern for something that is important or serious;A medieval cavalier needed a strong horse to bear the weight of his armor.,中世纪骑士需要一匹强壮的马来承载他盔甲的重量。
realisation;/ˌriːələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 认识，领会，实现;the act of achieving something that was planned or hoped for;Einstein had a realisation - matter and energy are the same!,爱因斯坦认识到---物质和能量是一样的。
cannibalize;/'kænɪbəlaɪz/;v. 食同类的肉，同型装配，拆用零件，调拨人员;to practice cannibalism on.;If there's a shortage of natural food sources, wild animals may start to cannibalize.,当食物资源短缺的时候，野生动物可能开始自相残杀。
provincialism;/prəˈvɪnʃlɪzəm/;n. 方言，地方风格，乡下习气;a partiality for some particular place;I don't understand him at all when he speaks in provincialisms.,他说方言的时候我完全不知道他在讲啥。
retaliatory;/rɪˈtæliətɔːri/;adj. 报复的，报复性的;a retaliatory action is one that is harmful to someone who has done something to harm you;The dog gave me a retaliatory bite for throwing stones at it earlier.,这条狗给了我报复性一咬，因为我早些时候向它扔了石头。
invalid;/ɪnˈvælɪd/;adj. 无效的，作废的；  n. 病人，残疾人;not valid;The paycheck is invalid without a signature .,没有签名的支票是无效的。
penalize;/ˈpiːnəlaɪz/;v. 置（某人）于不利地位，处罚;to punish (someone or something) for breaking a rule or a law;He committed the crime, so he was penalized for it.,他犯了罪，因此他受到了惩罚。
finalist;/ˈfaɪnəlɪst/;n. 参加决赛的选手;a person who competes in the last part of a competition;Every finalist had qualified for the race with a very fast time.,每个决赛选手都以很快的速度获得了比赛资格。
sensuality;/ˌsenʃuˈæləti/;n. 淫荡，好色;desire for sensual pleasures;Although she was an older woman, she had not lost her sensuality.,尽管她年龄更大了，淫荡却未减。
industrialization;/ɪnˌdʌstriələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 工业化;the development of industry on an extensive scale;Urban industrialization has given many people factory jobs.,城市的工业化给很多人提供了工厂的工作。
punctuality;/ˌpʌŋktʃuˈæləti/;n. 准时;;This clock is supposed to improve the punctuality of the owner.,这个钟是用来帮助主人准时的。
imperialist;/ɪmˈpɪriəlɪst/;n. 帝国主义者；  adj. 帝国主义的;a person who practices or supports imperialism;In history, China wanted to defend itself from imperialist powers.,历史上，中国想要抵御帝国主义势力。
alien;/ˈeɪliən/;n. 外星人，外国人；  adj. 陌生的，外国的，外星（人）的，异己的，不相容的;a creature that comes from somewhere other than the planet Earth;Do you ever think that aliens could be our friends?,你有没有想过外星人可能是我们的朋友？
vitalist;/'vaɪtəlɪst/;n. 活力论者; one who believes in vitalism;A vitalist believes he has a life force a machine cannot have.,一个活力论者相信他有种机器人永不具备的力量。
denationalize;/ˌdiːˈnæʃnəlaɪz/;v. 解除国有化，私有化;to sell a company or an industry so that it is no longer owned by the government;The U.S. government has denationalized some of its financial institutions.,美国政府已经将一些金融机构解除国有化。
Australian;/ɔː'streɪliən/;adj. 澳洲的，澳洲人的；  n. 澳洲人; a native or inhabitant of Australia;I’m surprised by the Australian culture! ,我被澳洲的文化惊到了！ 
undercapitalized;/ʌndər'kæpɪtəlaɪzd/;adj. 资本不足的，投资不足的;lacking sufficient capital to perform normal business operations.;Unfortunately, our project was cancelled for it was undercapitalized.,不幸的是，我们的项目因为资本不足而流产了。
malicious;/məˈlɪʃəs/;adj. 怀恶意的，恶毒的;having or showing a desire to cause harm to another person :having or showing malice;Even as you read this, unseen malicious hackers are trying to steal your secrets.,甚至当你在读这句话的时候，心怀恶意的黑客就在试图偷取你的秘密。
municipality;/mjuːˌnɪsɪˈpæləti/;n. 市民，市政当局，自治市或区;;The municipality has powers of self-government and self-determination.,市政当局具有自我管理和自主决定权。
localize;/ˈloʊkəlaɪz/;v. 使地方化，（使）局部化，停留在一地方;to keep (something) within a limited area :to prevent the spread of (something);We managed to localize the cell phone outage to a small area outside Belgrade.,手机没电之前，我们成功定位到贝尔格莱德外小范围内。
nationalize;/'næʃnəlaɪz/;v. 使国有化;to put an industry or a company under the control of the government, which becomes its owner;The factory was nationalized after being purchased by the government.,在被政府收购后，这个工厂国有化了。
mortality;/mɔːrˈtæləti/;n. 死亡数，死亡率，必死的命运;the number of deaths that occur in a particular time or place;Seeing a dead body reminds us of our mortality.,看到尸体总会让我们想到自己也必然会死。
coalition;/ˌkoʊəˈlɪʃn/;n. 结合；联盟；联合;a group of people, groups, or countries who have joined together for a common purpose;We had to form a coalition to win the election.,我们必须结盟以赢得选举。
vitalism;/'vaɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 活力论，生机说;(philosophy) a doctrine that life is a vital principle distinct from physics and chemistry;Vitalism is belief in a special force that keeps us alive.,活力论相信有种特殊力量保持我们活着。
inequality;/ˌɪnɪˈkwɑːləti/;n. 不平等，不相同，不平坦，不等式;;There is an inequality in family status between cats, dogs and people.,猫、狗和人的家庭地位是不平等的。
realize;/ˈriːəlaɪz/;v. 认识到，体会到，实现;to understand or become aware of (something);I realized my mistake too late.,我太晚认识到我的错误。
capitalist;/ˈkæpɪtəlɪst/;n. 资本家，资本主义者；  adj. 资本主义的，资本家的;a person who believes that capitalism is the best kind of economic system;A capitalist believes that you must spend money to make money.,资本家认为必须通过花钱来赚钱。
calibrate;/ˈkælɪbreɪt/;vt. 测定（或测量）…的口径，校准（或校正），调整;to adjust or mark (something, such as a measuring device) so that it can be used in an accurate and exact way;I have to finely calibrate my tools to make sure they will all work together.,我需要将工具调整精确，确保它们能同时工作。
specialize;/ˈspeʃəlaɪz/;v. 专门从事，专攻;to limit your business or area of study to one specific subject;The store specializes in selling hiking gear.,这家店专门卖登山设备。
trivialize;/'trɪviəlaɪz/;v. 使显得不重要，使琐碎;to make sth seem less important, serious, difficult, etc. than it really is;The spokesman trivialized the severity of the border conflict.,发言人淡化了这起边境冲突的严重性。
calibration;/ˌkælɪˈbreɪʃn/;n. 校准刻度；校正；口径测定;the act or process of calibrating : the state of being calibrated;The scale needs calibration in order to be accurate.,这个秤需要校准刻度才能准确测量。
annualized;/'ænjuəlaɪzd/;adj. 按年计算的;to adjust or calculate so as to reflect a rate that is based on a full year;The Statistics Department predicts roughly a 7% annualized GDP growth from 2016 to 2020.,统计局预计2016年到2020年的GDP年均增速约为7%。
sentimentalize;/ˌsentɪˈmentəlaɪz/;vi. 沉湎于感情，感伤；  vt. 使伤感，因…而伤感;to describe or show (something) in an emotional way that makes it seem more attractive or interesting than it really is :to describe or show (something) in a sentimental way;The girls like to watch sad movies and sentimentalize.,女孩儿们喜欢看悲剧电影，然后跟着感伤。
specialist;/ˈspeʃəlɪst/;n. 专家，专科医生；  adj. 专家的，专业的;a person who has special knowledge and skill relating to a particular job, area of study, etc.;He is a specialist in robots.,他是个机器人专家。
socialism;/ˈsoʊʃəlɪzəm/;n. 社会主义;a set of political and economic theories based on the belief that everyone has an equal right to a share of a country’s wealth and that the government should own and control the main industries;They are the representatives of the socialism.,毛泽东和马克思等是社会主义的代表人。
sentimentalism;/ˌsentə'mentəlˌɪzəm/;n. 感伤主义，沉溺于情感;a tendency to have or express feelings of love, sadness, etc., especially in a way that seems foolish or excessive :a sentimental quality;The novel about the orphan’s life is full of sentimentalism.,这本关于孤儿的小说充满了感伤主义。
caliber;/'kæləbə/;n. 【军】口径，才干，水准（等于calibre），器量;a measurement of the width of a bullet or a gun barrel;Do you know the caliber of this gun?,你知道这把枪的口径吗？
italics;/ɪˈtælɪks/;n. 斜体字，斜体;letters which slope to the right. Italics are often used to emphasize a particular word or sentence. The examples in this dictionary are printed in italics.;These sentences were written in italics.,这些句子是用斜体书写的。
malice;/ˈmælɪs/;n. 恶意；怨恨；预谋;a feeling of hatred for somebody that causes a desire to harm them;"I want to hurt you," He said with great malice.,“我要伤害你。”他恶狠狠地说。
inalienable;/ɪnˈeɪliənəbl/;adj. 不可分割的;impossible to take away or give up;Everyone has the inalienable right to the pursuit of happiness.,每个人都有不可剥夺的追求幸福的权利。
be hospitalised;;住院;be admitted into a hospital.;Due to the heart attack, I am hospitalised.,因为心脏病，我住院了。
qualify;/ˈkwɑːlɪfaɪ/;v. 胜任，使具有资格;to have the necessary skill or knowledge to do a particular job or activity; to have the qualifications to do something;His skills qualify him for his work.,他的技能让他能够胜任这份工作。
speciality;/ˌspeʃiˈæləti/;n. 专长，专业，特性，特质;a distinguishing trait;I can help you if you have a computer problem. Computers are my speciality.,如果你有电脑问题可以来找我，那是我的专长。
alkali;/ˈælkəlaɪ/;n. 碱，可溶性无机盐;a substance that has a bitter taste and that forms a salt when mixed with an acid;An alkali is a base that dissolves in water.,碱是一种可溶于水的盐基。
realization;/ˌriːələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 认识，领会，领悟，实现;the state of understanding or becoming aware of something;I suddenly had a realization that I forgot to lock the door.,我突然意识到我忘记锁门啦。
nationalism;/ˈnæʃnəlɪzəm/;n. 民族主义，国家主义，民族特性;;Supporting your country's football team is a harmless type of nationalism.,支持祖国的足球队是种无害的民族主义行为。
validity;/vəˈlɪdəti/;n. 正确（性），有效（性），效力;the state of being acceptable according to the law :the state of being valid;Nobody questioned the validity of the judge's ruling.,没有人质疑法官判决的有效性。
salinity;/səˈlɪnəti/;n. 盐度，盐分，盐性;the relative proportion of salt in a solution;The salinity of sea water varies depending on the presence of minerals.,海水的盐度根据矿物质的多少而变化。
specialise;/'speʃəlˌaɪz/;vi. 专门从事，专攻；  vt. 使专门化;to limit your business or area of study to one specific subject;We specialise in studying the characteristics of different plants.   ,我们专门研究不同植物的特性。
idealism;/aɪˈdiːəlɪzəm/;n. 理想主义，唯心论;;He was full of youthful idealism, believing all good things will come true.,他满脑子都是年轻人的理想主义，他觉得一切皆可以实现。
specialise in;;v. 专门从事，专门研究;devote oneself to a special area of work;This chef specialises in making dessert.,这位大厨专门从事制作甜品。
malign;/məˈlaɪn/;v. 诽谤，中伤；  adj. 邪恶的，有害的;to say bad things about (someone or something) publicly :to criticize (someone or something) harshly or unfairly;Unfortunately, it's human nature for everyone to malign the new guy.,不幸的是，人性使得每个人都诽谤这个新人。
specialized;/ˈspeʃəlaɪzd/;adj. 专业的，专门的;made or used for one particular purpose, job, place, etc.;They used specialized equipment to find the problem.,他们用专业的设备来找问题。
malinger;/məˈlɪŋɡər/;v. 装病以逃避工作;to pretend to be sick or injured in order to avoid doing work;If he continues to malinger, the boss will definitely fire him.,他如果继续装病来逃避工作，老板绝对会炒他鱿鱼。
retaliate;/rɪˈtælieɪt/;v. 报复，反击;to do something bad to someone who has hurt you or treated you badly :to get revenge against someone;She blocked his punch and retaliated with a kick to the chest.,她挡住了他的拳打，并踢向他胸口作为反击。
chalice;/ˈtʃælɪs/;n. （高脚）酒杯，圣餐杯，［植］杯状花;a special cup for holding wine;There's a legend that this is the chalice from which Jesus served wine at the Last Supper.,传说这就是耶稣在最后的晚餐中用来当酒器的圣餐杯。
universality;/ˌjuːnɪvɜːrˈsæləti/;n. 普遍性，一般性;the quality of being universal; existing everywhere;The universality of love gives us hope for the future.,爱让我们对未来充满希望。
vitality;/vaɪˈtæləti/;n. 活力，生气，生命力;a lively or energetic quality;Regular exercise can increase your vitality.,规律性的锻炼能增加你的活力。
journalist;/ˈdʒɜːrnəlɪst/;n. 记者，新闻工作者; A journalist is a person whose job is to collect news and write about it for newspapers, magazines, television, or radio.;The journalist is always in pursuit of new stories.,新闻工作者总在追逐着新闻。
neutralize;/ˈnuːtrəlaɪz/;vt. 使无效，中和，宣布中立，使中立化;to stop (someone or something) from being effective or harmful;Neutralize the bombs before they explode!,必须在炸弹爆炸前让导火线失效。
vocalist;/ˈvoʊkəlɪst/;n. 流行歌手，声乐家; a singer who sings with a pop group.;The red-haired vocalist sings into the microphone.,这个红发流行歌手对着麦克风唱歌。
encephalitis;/enˌsefəˈlaɪtəs/;n. 【内科】脑炎;Inflammation of the brain;This brain swelling looks like encephalitis.,这个脑部的肿胀看起来像是脑炎。
fatalism;/ˈfeɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 宿命论;the belief that what will happen has already been decided and cannot be changed;Adherents of fatalism believe that nothing can change the future.,宿命论的拥护者相信没有什么能够改变未来。
formality;/fɔːrˈmæləti/;n. 拘泥形式，拘谨，得体，礼节，仪式，一丝不苟，单纯为形式而做的事;something that is required or usual but that has little true meaning or importance;A formality of British culture is to bow when you meet the Queen.,英国传统礼节是见到女王要行鞠躬礼。
unrealistic;/ˌʌnriːə'lɪstɪk/;adj. 不切实际的，不实在的;having a wrong idea of what is likely to happen or of what you can really do; not based on facts;My boy, It's really unrealistic for you to lift these heavy weights.,我的孩子，现在你想举这样的重量是不切实际的。
nationality;/ˌnæʃəˈnæləti/;n. 国籍，民族;a group of people who share the same history, traditions, and language, and who usually live together in a particular country;People of all nationalities come together for the Olympic Games.,所有国家的人们为奥运欢聚一堂。
healing;/ˈhiːlɪŋ/;adj. 能治愈的；  n. 康复;the natural process by which the body repairs itself;To help the healing, I put a plaster on my cut finger.,为了帮助康复，我在被割的手指粘上了创可贴。
realistic;/ˌriːəˈlɪstɪk/;adj. 现实（主义）的，逼真的，栩栩如生的;able to see things as they really are and to deal with them in a practical way;This drawing is so realistic!,这幅素描真是栩栩如生！
fatality;/fəˈtæləti/;n. 死亡，宿命，致命性，不幸，灾祸;a death that results from a disaster, accident, etc.;There were at least two fatalities as a result of the fire.,此次火灾有至少两起死亡。
Australia;/ɔ'streljə/;n. 澳大利亚;a nation occupying the whole of the Australian continent; aboriginal tribes are thought to have migrated from southeastern Asia 20,000 years ago; first Europeans were British convicts sent there as a penal colony;I want to visit Australia and see some kangaroos!,我想去澳大利亚看看袋鼠！
virtual reality;/ˌvɜːrtʃuəl riˈæləti/;phr. 虚拟现实;;The boy is playing a virtual reality video game.,这男孩正在玩一款虚拟现实游戏。
personality;/ˌpɜːrsəˈnæləti/;n. 个性，人格，名人;the set of emotional qualities, ways of behaving, etc., that makes a person different from other people;Although they're twins, they're very different in personality.,尽管他们是双胞胎，但他们的性格有很大不同。
alight;/əˈlaɪt/;vi. 下来，飞落；  adj. 烧着的，点亮着的;;You left the burner alight.,
visualize;/ˈvɪʒuəlaɪz/;v. 想象，使形象化;to form a mental picture of (someone or something);The little bat visualizes what he'll become in the future.,小蝙蝠想象着他未来的样子。
industrialism;/ɪnˈdʌstriəlɪzəm/;n. 产业主义，工业主义，工业制度;a social system in which industry and factories are the basis of a country's economy;Factories and machines are signs of industrialism.,工厂和机器是工业主义的标志。
quality control;;质量管理，质量控制;quality control＝a process by which entities review the quality of all factors involved in production.;We need some quality control to check the quality of every egg.,我们应该对每个鸡蛋的质量进行质量管理。
invalidate;/ɪnˈvælɪdeɪt/;v. 使无效，使无价值;to make (something) invalid;You know that tearing up the contract will invalidate it, don't you?,你知道撕毁合同会使它无效，对吧？
normalisation;/ˌnɔːrmələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 正常化，标准化; to make conform to or reduce to a norm or standard;We saw the normalisation of his heartbeat after we gave him medicine.,给他药以后，我们看到他心跳变得正常了（正常化）。
liberalism;/ˈlɪbərəlɪzəm/;n. 自由主义，开明的思想或见解;belief in the value of social and political change in order to achieve progress;Political liberalism is the idea that people should be free of government in their personal lives, but that government can help economically.,政治自由主义的观点是：公民个人生活应该不受政府约束，但政府可以在经济上帮助他们。
naturalist;/ˈnætʃrəlɪst/;n. 自然主义者，博物学者；  adj. 自然的，自然主义的;a person who studies plants and animals as they live in nature;Naturalists love to explore and study the great outdoors.,自然学家喜欢探索和学习广阔的户外世界。
frugality;/fruˈɡæləti/;n. 节约，节俭;prudence in avoiding waste;My natural frugality keeps me from spending too much money.,我节俭的性格阻止了我花太多的钱。
potentiality;/pəˌtenʃiˈæləti/;n. 潜力，潜能;a quality that can be developed to make someone or something better;Humans' potentialities are unlimited. ,人类的潜能是无穷无尽的。
caliph;/ˈkeɪlɪf/;n. 哈里发（伊斯兰国家政教合一的领袖称号）;an important Muslim political and religious leader;Bow to the caliph of Baghdad, or die!,向巴格达哈里发鞠躬，否则死路一条！
validate;/ˈvælɪdeɪt/;v. 使…生效，使合法化，证明正确;to prove that something is true or correct;My teacher's check mark validated my answer.,老师批注的勾号证实了我的答案。
teetotalism;/ˌtiːˈtoʊtəlɪzəm/;n. 禁酒; abstaining from alcohol;Because of her teetotalism, she doesn't drink alcohol.,因为她的绝对禁酒主义，她不喝酒。
actuality;/ˌæktʃuˈæləti/;n. 现状，现实，事实;the quality or state of being actual or real;The scenery on the bank note looked just the same in actuality.,纸币上印的风景和实际的看起来一模一样。
mentality;/menˈtæləti/;n. 脑力；思想；心理;a particular way of thinking;To win the race, it certainly helps to have a competitive mentality.,运动员们想要赢得比赛，当然要有竞争心理咯。
alive;/əˈlaɪv/;adj. 活着的，活跃的，有生气的，热闹的;having life; living; not dead;His beating heart shows he's alive.,跳动的心脏表明他还活着。
saline;/ˈseɪliːn/;adj. 咸的，含盐的;containing salt;Salt often washes up on the shore of saline lakes.,盐湖里的盐经常会被冲到岸边。
reality;/riˈæləti/;n. 现实，实际，真实;the true situation that exists; the real situation;Their actions were friendly, but in reality they hated each other.,表面上他们彼此很友好，但是实际上却相互仇恨。
demoralize;/dɪˈmɔːrəlaɪz/;v. 使士气低落，使道德败坏，使堕落;to cause (someone) to lose hope, courage, or confidence :to weaken the morale of (a person or group);I have written nothing all day, and it's starting to demoralize me.,我一整天什么都没写出来，这让我很沮丧。
bipedalism;/'baɪpedlɪzəm/;n. 二足类;the bodily attribute of being bipedal; having two feet;In nature, bipedalism is restricted to humans and birds.,自然界中的二足类仅限于人类和鸟类。
socialist;/ˈsoʊʃəlɪst/;n. 社会主义者；  adj. 社会主义的;a member of a political party that supports socialism;He's a socialist; he thinks the government should help the poor more.,他是个社会主义者，他认为政府应该更多的帮助穷人。
imperialism;/ɪmˈpɪriəlɪzəm/;n. 帝国主义;a policy or practice by which a country increases its power by gaining control over other areas of the world;Many European nations wanted to expand their empires because they advocated imperialism.,许多西方国家都拥护帝国主义，想扩张自己的帝国疆土。
battalion;/bəˈtæliən/;n. 营，军营，军队，部队;a large organized group of soldiers;The whole army battalion marched through the town.,整支军队途经小镇。
socialise;/'soʃəlaɪz/;v. 来往，交往，交际;take part in social activities; interact with others;My neighbors are friendly; I enjoy socialising with them.,我的邻居们很友好，我乐于与他们交往。
generalize;/ˈdʒenrəlaɪz/;v. 概括，归纳;to make a general statement or form a general opinion;It's wrong to generalize all men just from her ex-boyfriend's bad behavior.,仅仅通过前男友的行为就对所有男人一概而论是不对的。
cannibalism;/ˈkænɪbəlɪzəm/;n. 嗜食同类，自相残杀，食人，人吃人的风俗;the practice of eating the flesh of your own kind;Is a chicken eating fried chicken considered cannibalism?,一只正在吃炸鸡的鸡会想到这是在嗜食同类吗？
liberalize;/'lɪbrəlaɪz/;v. 放宽限制，自由主义化;to make sth such as a law or a political or religious system less strict;After liberalizing trade, we can buy commodities from more foreign countries.,在放宽贸易限制后，我们能从更多的国家购买商品了。
originality;/əˌrɪdʒəˈnæləti/;n. 创造性；独特性;the quality of being new and different in a good and appealing way;A great artist will have a lot of originality in his work.,一个伟大的艺术家，作品会有很多原创性。
practicality;/ˌpræktɪˈkæləti/;n. 实用性，实际性，实际，实例;the quality of being likely to succeed and reasonable to do or use;Cubic fruits look strange but you can't deny their practicality.,方块形的水果看起来很奇怪，但是你不能否认它的实用性。
quality;/ˈkwɑːləti/;n. 特性，品性，质量；  adj. 优质的;a characteristic or feature that someone or something has; something that can be noticed as a part of a person or thing;I'm shocked by the quality of my pants.,我被我裤子的质量震惊了！
insider dealing;;n. （股市的）内部交易;the illegal use of privileged information when trading on the stock market;Insider dealing is illegal and trading with this secret information can damage the economy.,股市内幕交易是违法的，通过保密信息交易，会对经济造成危害。
hospitality;/ˌhɑːspɪˈtæləti/;n. 好客；殷勤；款待;generous and friendly treatment of visitors and guests; hospitable treatment;The waiter and waitress here have great hospitality.,这里的服务生非常好客。
tantalize;/ˈtæntəlaɪz/;v. 逗弄，挑逗，使（看到拿不到而）焦急;to cause (someone) to feel interest or excitement about something that is very attractive, appealing, etc.;He tantalizes the girl who is on a diet by eating in front of her.,他在她面前吃东西，逗弄这个节食中的姑娘。
idealize;/aɪ'diːəlaɪz/;v. 理想化地描述，（使）理想化;to consider or represent sb/ sth as being perfect or better than they really are;The optimistic scientist idealizes the influence technology will have in the future.,这位乐观的科学家倾向于理想化描述科技的影响。
commercialize;/kəˈmɜːrʃəlaɪz/;v. 使商业化;to use (something) as an opportunity to earn money;Let's commercialize this game and make some money!,让我们把这个游戏商业化并且赚钱吧！
impartiality;/ˌɪmˌpɑːrʃiˈæləti/;n. 公正，公平，不偏不倚;an inclination to weigh both views or opinions equally;The impartiality of a judge means that he needs to be blind to some things and see others clearly.,法官的公正性意味着他需要对某些事视而不见从而明察其他事。
pluralistic;/ˌplʊərə'lɪstɪk/;adj. 兼职的，［哲］多元论的;of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of pluralism;In pluralistic societies, people of many different cultures live together in peace.,在多元论社会，多种不同文化的民族和谐共处。
normalization;/ˌnɔːrmələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 正常化；标准化；正规化;the imposition of standards or regulations;The market was very variable early in the week, but now we're seeing signs of normalization.,这个周开始时，市场波动很大。但是现在看到了正常化的迹象。
industrialisation;/ɪndʌstriəlaɪzeɪ'ʃən/;n. 工业化;the development of industry on an extensive scale;Thanks to industrialisation, our working efficiency has improved greatly.,多亏了工业化，我们的工作效率得到了大大的提高。
capitalize;/'kæpɪtəlaɪz/;vt. 以大写字母写，使……资本化，估价；  vi. 利用;to write or print in capital letters.;Remember to capitalize the first letter of your sentence.,记住把你句子的首字母大写。
alike;/əˈlaɪk/;adj. 相同的，相似的，相像的;similar in appearance, nature, or form;The two dogs are a lot alike. ,这两只狗长得很像。
qualified;/ˈkwɑːlɪfaɪd/;adj. 有资格的;having the necessary skill, experience, or knowledge to do a particular job or activity :having the qualifications to do something;Of course I'm qualified for the job--I've got a college degree, haven't I?,我当然能胜任这份工作，因为我有大学文凭，不是吗？
malignant;/məˈlɪɡnənt/;adj. 恶性的，恶毒的，充满恨意的;very serious and dangerous :tending or likely to grow and spread in a rapid and uncontrolled way that can cause death;The tumor is malignant--we will have to remove it.,这是恶性肿瘤，我们必须切除它。
capitalism;/ˈkæpɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 资本主义;a way of organizing an economy so that the things that are used to make and transport products (such as land, oil, factories, ships, etc.) are owned by individual people and companies rather than by the government;Capitalism works for making money, but it doesn't help the poor very much.,资本主义对赚钱有用，但却不能帮助穷人。
California;/ˌkælɪ'fɔːrnjəˌ -'fɔːrniːə/;n. 加利福尼亚州;;California is a state in the United States of America.,加利福尼亚是美国的一个州。
align;/əˈlaɪn/;vi. 排队，排成一行；  vt. 使成一直线;to arrange things so that they form a line or are in proper position;The soldiers aligned as they marched in formation.,士兵们排列成方阵正步前行。
talisman;/ˈtælɪzmən/;n. 护身符，避邪物;an object (such as a ring or stone) that is believed to have magic powers and to cause good things to happen to the person who has it;This Hindu talisman is supposed to bring good luck.,这个印度护身符应该可以给我带来好运。
saliva;/səˈlaɪvə/;n. 唾液；  vi. 分泌唾液;the liquid produced in your mouth that keeps your mouth moist and makes it easier to swallow food;Saliva is dribbling out of the baby's mouth. Get a tissue!,小宝宝流口水啦，快拿纸来！
salient;/ˈseɪliənt/;adj. 显著的，突出的，跳跃的；  n. 凸角，突出部分;very important or noticeable;Mr.Giraffe's salient height made him stand out in the photograph.,长颈鹿先生显著的身高使他在照片里很突出。
decentralize;/ˌdiː'sentrəlaɪz/;v. （使）权力下放，（使工业、人口等）分散;to distribute the administrative functions or powers among several local authorities.;If the central government decentralizes, each province will have more autonomy.,如果中央政府分权，各省将会有更多自治权。
valid;/ˈvælɪd/;adj. 有效的，合理的，有根据的;acceptable according to the law;The official stamp showed that my documents are valid.,政府的印章表明我的文件是有效的。
locality;/loʊˈkæləti/;n. 地点；地区；位置；方位;a particular place or area;It was the locality of the crime.,这里是犯罪地点。
valiant;/ˈvæliənt/;n. 勇士，勇敢的人；  adj. 勇敢的，英勇的;having or showing courage :very brave or courageous;His ambition is to become a valiant knight and rid the world of evil.,他的梦想是成为一名勇敢的骑士消除世界的邪恶。
realise;/'rɪə,laɪz/;vt. 领悟；了解；实现；实行;;They don't realise the risk.,他们还没意识到危险性
quality inspector;;质量检验员;;The strict quality inspector is checking that the new products meet the necessary standards.,这位严格的质量检查员正在检查这批新产品，确保它们都达到了应有的标准。
totalitarian;/toʊˌtæləˈteriən/;n. 极权主义者；  adj. 极权主义的;controlling the people of a country in a very strict way with complete power that cannot be opposed;In totalitarian states there is only one point of view - the Government's.,极权国家只有一个视角-来自政府的。
functionalism;/ˈfʌŋkʃənəlɪzəm/;n. 机能主义，机能心理学，实用第一主义; idea that the most important aspect of something, especially the design of a building or piece of furniture, is how it is going to be used or its usefulness;The functionalism of old factories gives them a strange kind of beauty.,破旧工厂的机能主义为它们带来一种奇妙的美感。
alienate;/ˈeɪliəneɪt/;v. 使疏远；让渡财产所有权;to make (someone) unfriendly :to cause (someone) to stop being friendly, helpful, etc., towards you;He was alienated by his friends just because he was different.,他因为与众不同而被他朋友疏远了。
journalism;/ˈdʒɜːrnəlɪzəm/;n. 新闻业;the activity or job of collecting, writing, and editing news stories for newspapers, magazines, television, or radio;Good journalism is necessary to maintain a functioning democracy.,良好的新闻业对于维护民主运行是不可或缺的。
validation;/ˌvælɪˈdeɪʃn/;n. 批准；确认；验证;the act of making something legally valid.;The validation of my application was a long process, but now it's finally completed.,我的申请书的批准过程相当缓慢，但现在终于完成了。
appealing;/əˈpiːlɪŋ/;adj. 吸引人的，打动人心的;having qualities that people like :pleasing or attractive;Her makeup makes her more appealing. ,化妆让她更吸引人。
realign;/ˌriːə'laɪn/;v. 重新排列，重新编制，重新结盟;to change the position or direction of sth slightly;I realigned my books on the shelf so they were tidy and in a logical order.,我把书架上的书重新排列了一下，以使它们整齐且有序。
materialism;/məˈtɪriəlɪzəm/;n. 唯物主义，物质主义;a way of thinking that gives too much importance to material possessions rather than to spiritual or intellectual things;Even though I don't believe in materialism, I'd still prefer a suit to this barrel!,虽然我不是一个物质主义者，但是比起这木桶，我还是更想要西装。
halite;/'hælaɪt/;n. 岩盐;naturally occurring crystalline sodium chloride;Halite can often be seen on the beach.,沙滩上通常会有岩盐。
Italian dressing;;意式沙拉调味酱;;Italian dressing is a vinaigrette-type of salad dressing in United States and Canadian cuisine.,意式沙拉调味酱一种油醋汁类型的沙拉酱，用于制作美国和加拿大菜肴。
materiality;/məˌtɪrɪ'ælətɪ/;n. 实质性，物质性，重要性，有形物;a measure of how important a piece of information is when making a decision;The materiality of getting a promotion is that I'll earn more money.,升职的实质是我将挣更多的钱。
materialize;/məˈtɪriəlaɪz/;v. 赋予形体，具体化，物质化;to become visible :to appear especially in a sudden or magical way;It is said that the little monkey originally materialized from a stone.,据说孙悟空是石头变成的。
idealist;/aɪˈdiːəlɪst/;n. 空想家，理想主义者，唯心主义者;a person who has a  ideal belief;He was an idealist who believed the world stems from a spiritual force named Dao.,老子是一位唯心主义者，他认为世界源自于一种名为“道”的精神力量。
overqualified;/ˌoʊvər'kwɔːlɪfaɪd/;adj. 资历过高的;having more knowledge, skill, and/or experience than is needed (for a particular job);I think I must be overqualified to do this job.,我认为我做这份工作一定是大材小用了。
bacchanalian;/ˌbækəˈneɪliən/;adj. 狂欢的，行为放纵的;used of riotously drunken merrymaking;The man leans back in a bacchanalian pose and drinks wine.,这个男人以一种狂欢的姿势向后靠，然后开始喝红酒。
vandalism;/ˈvændəlɪzəm/;n. （对公物）恶意破坏;the act of deliberately destroying or damaging property;Senseless acts of vandalism, such as destroying cars, ought to be punished.,愚蠢的恶意破坏行为应该受到惩罚，比如摧毁汽车。
morality;/məˈræləti/;n. 道德，道德观，道德规范，品行;principles about what is right behavior and what is wrong behavior;Religious people get their sense of morality--what's right and wrong--from their religious books.,有宗教信仰的人从他们宗教的教义上获得关于事物对错的道德观。
tonality;/toʊˈnæləti/;n. 音质，音调; the presence of a musical key in a piece of music;The large instrument has a very strange tonality; its sound is unique.,这个大型乐器的音质很陌生，听起来很独特。
rationalize;/'ræʃnəlaɪz/;vt. 合理地说明，使合理化，【数】给…消根;to explain rationally;She drew a flow chart to help to rationalize her plan.,她画了一个流程图合理展现自己的计划。
rationality;/ˌræʃəˈnæləti/;n. 合理性，合理的行动;the state of having good sense and sound judgment;Rationality means making decisions on the basis of knowledge and reason.,理性意味着基于知识和道理做出判断。
instrumentalist;/ˌɪnstrəˈmentəlɪst/;n. 乐器演奏家，工具主义者;a person who plays a musical instrument;She is an instrumentalist who plays cello very well.,她大提琴拉的非常好，是一个乐器演奏家。
journalistic;/ˌdʒɜːrnəˈlɪstɪk/;adj. 新闻业的，新闻工作者的;of or relating to or having the characteristics of journalism;He was quite skilled at journalistic event coverage.,他对新闻报道很在行。
centralize;/ˈsentrəlaɪz/;v. 使集中，使成为…的中心，使集权;to bring (something) under the control of one authority;We are going to centralize corporate data storage on our secure server.,我们将用安全服务器集中公司数据存储。
quality assurance;;质量保证;the practice of managing the way goods are produced or services are provided to make sure they are kept at a high standard;This device provides quality assurance, making sure each orange is big enough.,这个装置能提供质量保证以确保每个橘子是足够大的。
equality;/iˈkwɑːləti/;n. 同等，平等，【数】等式;the quality or state of being equal; the quality or state of having the same rights, social status, etc.;Equality is fundamental for a fair legal system.,平等是一个好的司法系统的根基。
qualitative;/ˈkwɑːləteɪtɪv/;adj. （性）质的，定性的;of or relating to how good something is; of or relating to the quality of something;Changes in temperature  can lead to qualitative differences.,温度的变化引起了质的差异。
environmentalist;/ɪnˌvaɪrənˈmentəlɪst/;n. 环境保护论者;a person who works to protect the natural world from pollution and other threats;He's an environmentalist, so he believes we should protect the environment.,他是环境保护论者，他坚信我们应该保护环境。
verbalize;/ˈvɜːrbəlaɪz/;v. 唠叨，以言语表述，使…变成动词;to express (something) in words :to say (something) in speech or writing;If your feelings are too weird, sometimes it's best not to verbalize them.,如果你的感觉很奇怪，有时候最好不要用言语表达出来。
hospitalize;/ˈhɑːspɪtəlaɪz/;v. 就医，送…进医院治疗;to place (someone) in a hospital for care or treatment;Grandma was so sick that we needed to hospitalize her.,
specialization;/ˌspeʃələˈzeɪʃn/;n. 专门化，专业性，特长;the special line of work you have adopted as your career;The scientist's specialization is in physics.,这个科学家的特长是物理。
finalize;/ˈfaɪnəlaɪz/;v. 使结束，使完结，最终确定;to complete the last part of a plan, trip, project, etc.;I handed her the key and she signed the contract to finalize the deal.,我把钥匙递给她，然后她签了合同来完成我们的交易。
personalize;/'pɜːrsənəlaɪz/;vt. 私人化，个人化，作物主标志;to mark sth in some way to show that it belongs to a particular person;I personalized my beloved car by painting my name on it.,通过给我的爱车喷上我的名字，我将它个性化了。
formalize;/ˈfɔːrməlaɪz/;v. 使形式化，使程序化;to make (something) formal :to give proper or official form to (something);We formalized his ideas by making pictures for them.,通过为他们制图，我们将他的想法形式化了。
squalid;/ˈskwɑːlɪd/;adj. 污秽的，肮脏的，卑劣的;very dirty and unpleasant;The area around the garbage dumpster is really squalid.,垃圾箱附近的这片区域十分肮脏。
individuality;/ˌɪndɪˌvɪdʒuˈæləti/;n. 个性，个人，个人特征，个人的嗜好（通常复数）;;We like our staff to show their individuality rather than wear a uniform.,我们喜欢员工有自己的个性，而不是只穿制服。
alimony;/ˈælɪmoʊni/;n. （法）赡养费，生活费;money that a court orders someone to pay regularly to a former wife or husband after a divorce;I have to pay my ex-wife alimony every month unless she remarries.,我每个月都要给我的前妻付赡养费，除非她再婚了。
revitalize;/ˌriːˈvaɪtəlaɪz/;v. 使复活，使重新充满活力，使复兴;to make (someone or something) active, healthy, or energetic again;I felt revitalized after the massage.,按摩后我感到重新充满了活力。
italic;/ɪ'tælɪk/;n. 斜体字（或字母、数码等）；  adj. 【印刷】斜体的;;Look! The stripes on that zebra are drawn in italic type!,看啊！那匹斑马身上的条纹是斜体的！
retaliation;/rɪˌtæliˈeɪʃn/;n. 报复，回敬，反击;action taken in return for an injury or offense;She would bully her brother, but he also had his means of retaliation.,她是可以欺负她弟弟，但他也有他的报复方式。
naturalistic;/ˌnætʃrəˈlɪstɪk/;adj. 自然的，自然主义的;using naturalism in art or literature :showing people or things as they really are;These drawings were done in a naturalistic style.,这些图是以自然主义风格完成的。
industrialized;/ɪnˈdʌstriəlaɪzd/;adj. 工业化的;made industrial; converted to industrialism;Newly industrialized countries make and export many types of goods.,新的工业化国家制造并出口多种货物。
geniality;/ˌdʒiːniˈæləti/;n. 和蔼，温和，亲切;a disposition to be friendly and approachable (easy to talk to);We all loved the doctor for his geniality, friendliness, and warmth.,因为他的和蔼、友好和温暖，我们都很喜欢这个医生。
individualism;/ˌɪndɪˈvɪdʒuəlɪzəm/;n. 个人主义，利己主义，个人特征;the belief that the needs of each person are more important than the needs of the whole society or group;His strong sense of individualism kept him from joining the rest of the crowd.,他强烈的个人主义使他没有加入其他人。
