MSG(mono-sodium glutamate);;n. 味精;;Food in restaurants always have too much MSG.,餐馆里的食物都加了太多味精。
dramatize;/ˈdræmətaɪz/;vi. 戏剧化；  vt. 使戏剧化，改编为剧本，以戏剧形式表现;to make (a book, an event, etc.) into a play, movie, television show, etc.; The actor is really good at dramatizing the script.   ,这位演员很擅长将剧本内容以戏剧化的方式表演出来。
dramatic;/drəˈmætɪk/;adj. 戏剧性的；引人注目的；巨大的;often showing a lot of emotion; tending to behave and react in an exaggerated way;She had a very dramatic personality, and tended to act like an actress on a stage.,她为人非常有戏剧性，总是要摆出一副舞台上的女演员的样子。
exclamation;/ˌekskləˈmeɪʃn/;n. 感叹，惊叹，惊呼，惊叹词;a sharp or sudden cry; a word, phrase, or sound that expresses a strong emotion;The author used three exclamation marks to express his anger.,作者用了三个感叹号来表达他的愤怒。
proclamation;/ˌprɑːkləˈmeɪʃn/;n. 宣布，公告;an official statement or announcement made by a person in power or by a government;The CFO's proclamation of the budget was accepted peacefully.,大家和平地接受了首席财务官的预算公告。
amalgamate;/əˈmælɡəmeɪt/;v. 合并，混合;to unite (two or more things, such as two businesses) into one thing;Now that the merger is complete, we need to amalgamate our workforces.,既然现在公司合并完成，我们需要合并人力了。
dramatically;/drəˈmætɪkli/;adv. 戏剧性地，引人注目地;in a very impressive manner;The Chinese economy has grown dramatically in the last thirty years.,在过去的三十年，中国的经济有着引人注目的增长。
reclamation;/ˌrekləˈmeɪʃn/;n. 开垦，改造，感化，废料回收;the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation;This land was polluted, so its reclamation will be challenging.,这片土地被污染了，所以开垦它很有挑战性。
amateur;/ˈæmətər/;adj. 业余爱好的，业余（身份）的，外行的；  n. 业余爱好者，外行;a person who does something (such as a sport or hobby) for pleasure and not as a job;This office worker is also an amateur soccer player.,这个上班族也是一名业余球员。
melodramatic;/ˌmelədrəˈmætɪk/;adj. 夸张的，情节剧的，戏剧似的;emotional in a way that is very extreme or exaggerated :extremely dramatic or emotional;She loves to make a big melodramatic performance out of everything.,她凡事都爱小题大做。
acclamation;/ˌækləˈmeɪʃn/;n. 欢呼;strong and enthusiastic approval or praise;The free gifts gained the acclamation from the crowds.,免费的礼物让群众欢呼喝彩。
