metamorphose;/ˌmetəˈmɔːrfoʊz/;v. 使变形，使变质;to change in an important and obvious way into something that is very different :to undergo metamorphosis;It's inspiring to see a caterpillar metamorphose into a butterfly.,看毛毛虫变成蝴蝶很鼓舞人心。
amorphous;/əˈmɔːrfəs/;adj. 无定形的，无组织的，【物】非晶形的;having no definite or clear shape or form;Jellyfish have amorphous bodies.,水母拥有无组织的躯体。
metamorphosis;/ˌmetəˈmɔːrfəsɪs/;n. 变形，变质，变异，【生物学】变态;a major change in the form or structure of some animals or insects that happens as the animal or insect becomes an adult;The metamorphosis of caterpillar into butterfly is a fascinating natural process.,毛毛虫蜕变成蝴蝶是迷人的自然过程。
amortize;/ˈæmərtaɪz/;v. 分期偿还，摊还;to liquidate (a debt, such as a mortgage) by installment payments or payment into a sinking fund;It will take three months of payments to amortize my debt from buying this expensive T-shirt.,我将用三个月分期付款来偿还我买这件昂贵T恤的欠款。
enamored;/en'æməd/;adj. 迷恋的，倾心的;in a state in which you love, admire, or are very interested in something or someone;Does your giving me this heart mean you're really enamored of me?,你送我这颗心是代表你真的很迷恋我吗？
clamor;/'klæmə/;n. 喧闹，强烈的要求；  v. 喧嚷，强烈的要求;a loud continuous noise (such as the noise made when many people are talking or shouting);The protests caused a clamor outside.,抗议活动将外面弄得很喧闹。
amorous;/ˈæmərəs/;adj. 容易动情的，情爱的;having or showing strong feelings of sexual attraction or love;I'm feeling amorous - may I kiss you?,我感到一股欲望，可以吻你吗？
glamorous;/ˈɡlæmərəs/;adj. 迷人的，富有魅力的;very exciting and attractive :full of glamour;He thinks that gambling and partying with girls is a glamorous life.,他觉得赌博和泡妹子是一种迷人的生活。
glamor;/ˈɡlæmər/;n. 魅力，吸引力;the attractive and exciting quality that makes a person, a job or a place seem special.;She has so much beauty and glamor, I can't get her off my mind.,她太漂亮太有魅力了，我没法停止想她。
amoral;/ˌeɪˈmɔːrəl/;adj. 不知是非的;having or showing no concern about whether behavior is morally right or wrong;It takes an amoral person to steal a car: he doesn't care whether it's right or wrong.,一个没有道德的人才会偷车：他根本不在乎这事正确与否。
