ranch;/ræntʃ/;n. 大农场；  v. 经营牧场;a large farm especially in the U.S. where animals (such as cattle, horses, and sheep) are raised;Most of the time, the cattle on the ranch were free to graze and to roam.,大多数时间，牧场里的牛可以随意吃草和自由闲逛。
rancher;/ˈræntʃər/;n. 牧场经营者;a person who lives or works on a ranch;The rancher loves his farm animals.,这个农场经营者很爱他的动物们。
branch;/bræntʃ/;n. 树枝，分支（学科），部门，办事处;a part of a tree that grows out from the trunk;The man cut off a branch from the tree.,那个男人从树上剪下了一根树枝。
anchorwoman;/ˈæŋkərwʊmən/;n. 广播新闻的女主持人;a woman who reads the news and introduces the reports of other broadcasters on a television news program;It's a tough job being a TV anchorwoman, but I love the excitement and the fame!,做广播新闻女主持人是一份很难的工作，但我爱它的刺激和名气！
anchorage;/ˈæŋkərɪdʒ/;n. 锚地，下锚，停泊税;a place where boats and ships are anchored;This calm water provides a safe anchorage for boats.,这片平静的水域给船只提供了一个安全的停泊处。
Ranch dressing;;田园沙拉酱;;Adding a little ranch dressing to a vegetable dish can significantly improve its appeal.,给蔬菜加一点田园沙拉酱可以显著提高它的吸引力。
anchor;/ˈæŋkər/;n. 锚，新闻节目主播；  v. 使固定;a heavy device that is attached to a boat or ship by a rope or chain and that is thrown into the water to hold the boat or ship in place;"Please be careful when you drop the anchor!" the shark shouted.,鲨鱼吼道：“麻烦你们抛锚的时候小心点！”
tranche;/trɑːnʃ/;n. 一期款项，（贷款或付款等的）部分，份额;one of the parts into which an amount of money or a number of shares in a company is divided;Three tranches of shares were sold at 1 million, 3 million and 5 million dollars.,三期股权分别卖出了一百万、三百万和五百万美元。
blanch;/blæntʃ/;v. 变白，漂白；  n. 铅矿石；  adj. 漂白的，银白色的;to suddenly have less color in your face because you are afraid, embarrassed, etc.;Her face blanched as she looked at his bleeding head wound.,她一看到他脑袋上血流不止的伤口就脸色发白。
enfranchise;/ɪnˈfræntʃaɪz/;v. 给予选举权，释放（奴隶）;to give (someone) the legal right to vote;I'm now 18, which enfranchises me to vote in the next election.,现在我满18岁了，这赋予了我在下一次选举时的选举权。
anchovy;/ˈæntʃoʊvi/;n. 鳀鱼;;Anchovy is a kind of marine fish.,鳀鱼是一种海鱼。
franchisee;/ˌfræntʃaɪ'ziː/;n. 加盟商，特许经营人，有代销权的人或团体;a person or company that has been given a franchise;We have three franchisees working in this area now.,现在，在这一地区我们有三家加盟商。
anchorman;/ˈæŋkərmæn/;n. （接力赛中）末棒运动员，（汇编各地采访人员的资料并进行综合评价的）新闻节目主持人;a man who reads the news and introduces the reports of other broadcasters on a television news program;The anchorman is broadcasting the news right now.,这个新闻节目主持人正在播报新闻。
melancholy;/ˈmelənkɑːli/;n. 忧郁，悲哀；  adj. 忧郁的，令人伤感的;feeling or showing sadness :very unhappy;My dog sank into melancholy since it had been castrated.,我的狗狗自从结扎后，就郁郁寡欢，无法自拔。
stanch;/stɔːntʃ/;v. 制止（血液），止住;;Please, nurse, can you do something to stanch the bleeding?,拜托了护士，你可以做点什么来止血吗？
ranching;/ˈræntʃɪŋ/;n. 经营牧牛（或羊）场；  vi. 放（牛）;the activity of raising animals on a ranch;I love cattle ranching - it's a very peaceful way to live.,我爱放牛—这是种非常平和的生活方式。
avalanche;/ˈævəlæntʃ/;n. 雪崩，大量拥至；  vi. 崩塌;a large amount of snow and ice or of dirt and rocks that slides suddenly down the side of a mountain;The avalanche buried the small cabin in the snow.,雪崩掩埋了那个小木屋。
franchisor;/fræntʃaɪ'zɔː(r)/;n. 授予特许者;a company or an organization that gives somebody a franchise;In ancient times, one must get a permit from the franchisor to sell salt and iron.,在古时候，人们必须获得授权特许者的许可才能出售盐铁。
franchise;/ˈfræntʃaɪz/;n. 特许（经营权），公民权，选举权；  v. 赋予特权，赋予公民权;the right to sell a company's goods or services in a particular area;I gained the franchise of the restaurant so I can sell food!,我获得了这家快餐店的特许经营权，我可以卖它的食物啦！
branch out;;拓展业务，扩展范围;to start to do an activity that you have not done before, especially in your work or business;We'll branch out to diversify our business in the near future.,在不久的将来，我们会拓展我们的业务向多样化发展。
