financial return;;财政收益;;'Financial return' is the money returned to you from a previous investment.,财政收益是指你从之前的投资中获得的收益。
ancient;/ˈeɪnʃənt/;adj. 古代的；古老的;of, coming from, or belonging to a time that was long ago in the past;These ancient statues are over 2,000 years old.,这些古代雕像有2000多年的历史。
emancipation;/ɪˌmænsɪˈpeɪʃn/;n. 解放，释放;freeing someone from the control of another; especially a parent's relinquishing authority and control over a minor child;The emancipation of slaves ensured the civil rights of blacks.,奴隶解放运动确保了黑人的公民权利。
financial services;;金融服务;the economic services provided by the finance industry.;Financial services can provide you loans, investment advice and commercial insurance.,金融服务能为你提供贷款、投资建议以及商业保险。
fanciful;/ˈfænsɪfl/;adj. 想像的，稀奇的;showing imagination :unusual and appealing;This movie is a fanciful story about a mythical creature.,这部电影是个关于一个神话生物的幻想故事。
financially;/faɪˈnænʃəli/;adv. 财政上，金融上;;I'm working out which is the financially best choice.,我正在研究最经济的选择是哪个。
non-financial reward;;非财务奖励;;The boss's approval, a trophy, and a week off work are great non-financial rewards.,老板的肯定、奖杯和一周的休假是相当棒的非财务奖励。
San Francisco;;旧金山（美国城市）;a city in the US state of California, on San Francisco Bay.;San Francisco is a fun city in America.,旧金山是一个很有趣的美国城市。
tap dancing;/tæp/ /ˈdænsɪŋ/;n. 踢踏舞;;The metal heels of these tap dancing shoes make a lot of noise.,这种踢踏舞鞋的金属鞋跟能发出很大的噪音。
emancipate;/ɪˈmænsɪpeɪt/;v. 解放，释放;to free (someone) from someone else's control or power;When we emancipated the slaves, they broke off their chains and went free.,我们释放奴隶时，他们弄断手铐获得了自由。
financial;/faɪˈnænʃl/;adj. 金融的，财政的，财务的;relating to money;Wall Street is the financial centre of the United States.,华尔街是美国的金融中心。
rancid;/ˈrænsɪd/;adj. 腐臭的，令人作呕的，讨厌的;having a strong and unpleasant smell or taste from no longer being fresh;Oh no! I left old milk in the refrigerator, and now it's gone rancid! Ewwww!,糟糕！我把过期的牛奶放在冰箱，现在它腐臭了！真恶心啊！！！
ancillary;/ˈænsəleri/;adj. 辅助的，副的;providing something additional to a main part or function;The dentist has a couple of ancillary staff to help him with the procedure.,这位牙医有几个助手来协助他手术。
financing;/ˈfaɪnænsɪŋ/;n. 融资，财务，筹措资金；  v. 财政管理，筹措资金;the act of financing;I'll need to ask the bank for some financing so I can go to college.,我将需要问银行融资，以便有钱上大学。
