headmaster;/ˌhedˈmæstər/;n. （中小学的）校长;the teacher in charge of a school;The headmaster of the magic school is a kind old man.,这个魔法学校的校长是个慈祥的老人。
plaster;/ˈplæstər/;n. 灰泥，石膏；  v. 抹泥;a wet substance that hardens when it becomes dry and that is used to make smooth walls and ceilings;Her broken arm is still in plaster.,她骨折的手臂还打着石膏。
mastermind;/'mæstərmaɪnd/;v. 策划；  n. 策划者，聪明人，智多星;an intelligent person who plans and directs a complicated project or activity (often one that involves a crime);He's the most intelligent of them all,  masterminding the escape plan.,作为他们当中最聪明的人，他正在策划这次越狱行动。
man-made disasters;;人为灾害;having an element of human intent, negligence, or error; or involving a failure of a human-made system. It results in huge loss of life and property;A nuclear radiation leak is an example of a man-made disaster.,核泄漏是一种人为灾害。
master musician;/ˈmæstər  mjuˈzɪʃn/;音乐大师;a person who plays a musical instrument or writes music very well, especially as a job;As we know, he is a great master musician.,众所周知， 他是个伟大的音乐家。
masterpiece;/ˈmæstərpiːs/;n. 杰作，业绩;a great book, painting, piece of music, movie, etc.;'The Thinker' is a masterpiece of classical sculpture.,"沉思者"是古典雕刻技艺中的杰出作品。
master's degree;;硕士学位;a further university degree that you study for after a first degree;She got her master's degree from Harvard university.,她在哈佛大学取得了她的硕士学位证书。
schoolmaster;/ˈskuːlmæstər/;n. 男校长，教导者，男教师;a man who teaches in a school;The schoolmaster was as wise as he was strange.,这个男校长有多聪明就有多奇怪。
roller coaster;/ˈroʊlər koʊstər/;n. 过山车;a ride at an amusement park which is like a small, open train with tracks that are high off the ground and that have sharp curves and steep hills;Let's go to the amusement park and take a ride on the roller coaster!,我们去游乐园玩过山车吧！
Easter;/'iːstər/;n. 复活节;a wind from the east;On Easter, Christians like to decorate eggs.,在复活节的时候，基督教徒喜欢做彩蛋。
eastern;/ˈiːstərn/;adj. 东方的，东部的，朝东的;located toward the east;I saw the sunrise in the eastern sky.,我看到太阳从东方升起。
asteroid;/ˈæstərɔɪd/;n. 小行星，流星;any one of thousands of small planets that circle around the sun;That asteroid passed very close to the Earth.,这颗小行星近距离划过地球。
mastery;/ˈmæstəri/;n. 权力，优势，精通，掌握;knowledge and skill that allows you to do, use, or understand something very well;His mastery of Kung Fu makes him a formidable fighter.,他对功夫的精通让他成为一名令人敬畏的斗士。
master;/ˈmæstər/;n. 主人，帮主，大师，硕士；  adj. 精通的，主要的；  v. 掌握，精通;a man in control of people, animals or things;The dog and its master are close to each other.,这条狗和他的主人很亲密。
monastery;/ˈmɑːnəsteri/;n. 修道院，僧侣;a place where monks live and work together;Monasteries serve as a holy place of worship for monks.,对于僧侣来说，修道院是礼拜的圣地。
bandmaster;/ˈbændmæstər/;n. 乐队指挥;the leader of a brass band or a military band;The bandmaster was responsible for hiring and supervising the musicians.,这个乐队指挥负责招聘和监管音乐家。
disaster;/dɪˈzæstər/;n. 灾难，天灾;something (such as a flood, tornado, fire, plane crash, etc.) that happens suddenly and causes much suffering or loss to many people;The unexpected disaster destroyed the whole city.,这场意料不到的灾难摧毁了整座城市。
