agribusiness;/'æɡrɪbɪznəs/;n. 农业综合企业;farming engaged in as a large-scale business operation including the production, processing, and distribution of agricultural products and the manufacture of farm machinery, equipment, and supplies;The products of this agribusiness were exported to many foreign companies.,这家农业综合企业的产品出口至多家海外企业。
business centre;;商业中心;;Business centre is the most busy area in a city and is full of opportunity.,商业中心是一个城市最繁华的部分，那里充满了机遇。
bus stop;;phr. 公共汽车站; a place on a bus route where buses stop to discharge and take on passengers;You can have a seat at this bus stop.,在这个公共汽车站有座位可以坐。
business park;;商业园；商业区;business park=an area of land that is specially designed for offices and small factories.;Business parks always look modern and highly developed.,商业园区看上去总是现代且先进的。
businessman;/ˈbɪznəsmæn/;n. 商人;a man who works in business especially in a high position;He is a successful businessman.,他是个成功的商人。
bus;/bʌs/;n. 公共汽车;a large vehicle that is used for carrying passengers especially along a particular route at particular times;Let's take the bus to the next city.,让我们乘公交车去下一个城市吧。
core business;;核心业务;;We can offer you different kinds of services, but our core business is food delivery.,我们能提供各种各样的服务，但我们的核心业务是送外卖。
minibus;/ˈmɪnibʌs/;n. 面包车;a small bus or van;Let's take the minibus there; it's much more convenient.,我们坐面包车过去吧？那要方便得多。
businesslike;/'bɪznəslaɪk/;adj. 有效率的，条理的，实际（或无情感因素）的;methodical and systematic;She is very businesslike and able to deal with a number of tasks at one time.,她工作很有效率，能同时完成许多工作。
go out of business;;倒闭，歇业，破产;;The factory went out of business and the workers lost their jobs.,工厂倒闭了，工人们也丢了工作。
business conference;;业务会议;;Our company's upper management are having a business conference right now.,我们公司的高层正在进行一个业务会议。
bushel;/ˈbʊʃl/;n. 蒲式耳（容量等于八加仑），【plural】大量；  v. 修补;a unit for measuring an amount of fruit and grain that is equal to about 35.2 liters in the U.S. and to about 36.4 liters in the U.K.;How much does one bushel of apples cost?,一蒲式耳苹果多少钱？
trolleybus;/ˈtrɑːlibʌs/;n. 无轨电车;;We can take the trolleybus downtown.,我们可以乘坐无轨电车去市中心。
get down to business;/ɡet/ /daʊn/ /tu/ /ˈbɪznəs/;phr. 着手干正事;start to do sth.;"Let's get down to business," he said as he sat down and pulled out his tablet.,"让我们开始干正事吧，"他边说边坐下，还拿出了平板电脑。
beat about/around the bush;;v. 旁敲侧击，转弯抹角;;Should my novel beat about the bush, or should it really say what we did that night?,我的小说是应该拐弯抹角地写呢，还是直说昨晚我们做了什么？
colobus monkey;/'kɑːləbəs/ /ˈmʌŋki/;（非洲产）疣猴，髯猴;;This colobus monkey is cleaning his friend's hair.,这只疣猴在给朋友清理毛发。
ambush;/ˈæmbʊʃ/;n. 埋伏，伏击，伏兵；  v. 埋伏，伏击;to attack (someone or something) by surprise from a hidden place;The crocodile is waiting to ambush any nearby animals.,鳄鱼等待着伏击任何附近的动物。
blockbuster;/'blɑːkbʌstər/;n. 轰动，巨型炸弹，大片;something very successful, especially a very successful book or film/ movie;This book is a huge blockbuster, people are lining the street to get it.,这本书引起了很大的轰动，人们排队都排到街上了就为购买它。
abusive;/əˈbjuːsɪv/;adj. 辱骂的，滥用的，虐待的;using harsh and insulting language;The boss would become abusive to his employees when they made mistakes.,这个老板会在员工犯错的时候对他们进行辱骂。
business partner;;合伙人;;My business partner and I signed a cooperative agreement; I hope we can make a great team!,我与合伙人签署了合作协议，希望我们可以成为一流的团队。
combustion;/kəmˈbʌstʃən/;n. 燃烧;a chemical reaction that occurs when oxygen combines with other substances to produce heat and usually light;The wood in the fireplace is currently in combustion.,壁炉里的木头正在燃烧着。
abuse;/əˈbjuːz/;vt. 虐待；辱骂；滥用；  n. 滥用；（对麻醉毒品、兴奋剂等的）非法服用；虐待；辱骂;to treat a person or an animal in a cruel or violent way;Stop abusing her, you evil old lady!!!,不要再虐待她了，你这个坏嬷嬷！！！
bush;/bʊʃ/;n. 灌木；灌木丛；矮树;a plant that has stems of wood and is smaller than a tree;The shape of the bush looks like a ball.,这个灌木丛的形状看起来像一个球。
filibuster;/ˈfɪlɪbʌstər/;n. 冗长演说；  v. 拖延议事;an effort to prevent action in a legislature (such as the U.S. Senate or House of Representatives) by making a long speech or series of speeches;He filibustered the legislation by making a long speech until time ran out.,他通过滔滔不绝的演讲来拖延议事。
bustle;/ˈbʌsl/;n. 腰垫，喧闹，熙攘，奔走，奔忙；  v. 喧闹，忙乱，奔忙;noisy or busy activity;We always enjoy the lively bustle of the weekend street market.,我们总是很享受周末街市生气勃勃的喧闹。
syllabus;/ˈsɪləbəs/;n. 教学大纲，摘要，课程表;a list of the topics or books that will be studied in a course;The syllabus of this curriculum looks really intriguing!,这门课的教学大纲看上去有点意思。
business2business;;n. 企业对企业的电子商务（b2b）;;Business2business is the trade between two companies using the internet.,企业对企业的电子商务指的是企业间通过互联网进行的贸易。
bushy;/ˈbʊʃi/;adj. 浓密的，丛生的，灌木似的;very thick and full;This squirrel has a fat, bushy tail.,这只松鼠的尾巴粗大而浓密。
business class;;商务舱;business class=sitting in the comfortable part of a plane, designed for people travelling on business.;He always travels in business class.,他总是乘商务舱旅行。
businesswoman;/ˈbɪznəswʊmən/;n. 女商人;a woman who works in business especially in a high position;She is a successful businesswoman.,她是位成功的女企业家。
run a business;;经营生意;run a business＝start and manage one's own business.;My husband and I make a living by running a business together.,我和丈夫靠一起做生意营生。
robust;/roʊˈbʌst/;adj. 健壮的，强壮的，精力充沛的，坚固的，粗鲁的;strongly formed or built; The robust mother returned home fully loaded. ,健壮如牛的母亲回家时带了各种东西。
business;/ˈbɪznəs/;n. 生意，商业，事务;an organization (such as a store, company, or factory) that makes, buys, or sells goods or provides services in exchange for money;They shook hands and decided to do some business together.,他们握手并决定一起做一些生意。
combustible;/kəmˈbʌstəbl/;adj. 易燃的，易激动的；  n. 可燃物，易燃物;able to be burned easily;These logs are easily combustible, so you can start a fire with them.,这些木材是易燃物，所以你可以用它们生火。
business card;;名片;business card=a small card printed with somebody's name and details of their job and company.;I gave him my business card when we met for the first time.,在第一次见面时，我给了他我的名片
business plan;;商务计划，经营规划;business plan＝a formal statement of a set of business goals, the reasons they are believed attainable, and the plan for reaching those goals.;I've already drawn up my business plan, the next step is to put it in action!,我已经制定好商业计划，只等实行它了!
mind one's own business;;v. 各人自扫门前雪，莫管他人瓦上霜;don't meddle in others' affairs;This is private--mind your own business!,这是我的私事，请管好你自己就行了！
busy;/ˈbɪzi/;adj. 忙的，忙碌的，正被占用的；  v. 使忙于;full of activity or work;I'm too busy to get anything useful done.,我忙得都没时间做正事了！
bust;/bʌst/;n. 半身塑像；胸部；  v. 打碎；搜捕；降级；终止；  adj. 破产的；打碎的;a sculpture of a person's head and neck and usually a part of the shoulders and chest;The bust of Pythagoras honors the great Greek mathematician.,毕达哥拉斯半身像纪念着这位伟大的古希腊数学家。
disabuse;/ˌdɪsəˈbjuːz/;v. 使省悟，解迷惑，释疑，矫正;to show or convince (someone) that a belief is incorrect;Mother disabused us of the idea that we can sit around on the couch all day.,妈妈纠正了我们以为可以整天坐在沙发玩的错误观念。
trolley bus;;n. 无轨电车;a bus that is driven by electric power taken from cables above the street.;A trolley bus uses electricity instead of gas.,电车用电而不烧油。
