antennae;/æn'teniː/;n. 天线，【动】触须，触角，直觉;a piece of equipment made of wire or long straight pieces of metal for receiving or sending radio and television signals.;We installed a new antennae to better receive signal.,为了更好的接收信号，我们安装了一个新天线。
perennially;/pəˈreniəli/;adv. 多年生地，终年地，时常发生地;in a perennial manner; repeatedly;That mountain is perennially covered in snow.,那座山终年有积雪。
antenna;/ænˈtenə/;n. 天线，触角;a device (such as a wire or a metal rod) for sending or receiving radio or television signals;My TV's antenna is broken, so it doesn't work anymore.,电视天线坏了，所以它也无法工作了。
millennium;/mɪˈleniəm/;n. 千禧年，太平盛世;a period of a thousand years counted from the beginning of the Christian era;The year 2000 was the beginning of a new millennium.,2000年是一个新千年的开始。
biennial;/baɪˈeniəl/;adj. 两年一次的，二年生植物的;a plant that lives for only two years or seasons :a biennial plant;These beautiful biennial plants only flower every two years.,这些漂亮的两年生植物每两年才开一次花。
tennis;/ˈtenɪs/;n. 网球;a game that is played by two people or two pairs of people on a special court (called a tennis court) where they hit a small ball back and forth over a net using rackets;He loves playing tennis on a sunny afternoon.,他喜欢在阳光明媚的下午打网球。
table tennis;;n. 乒乓球;a game in which players stand at opposite ends of a table and use wooden paddles to hit a small plastic ball to each other across a net;China always wins all the table tennis medals at the Olympics.,中国总是在奥运会包揽所有乒乓球金牌。
openness;/'oʊpənnəs/;n. 直率，开放，公开，空旷;the quality of not being confined or covered;In the story 'The Emperor's New Clothes', the child was known for his openness.,在皇帝的新衣这个故事中，这个孩子因为他的直率而为人们所知。
perennial;/pəˈreniəl/;adj. 终年的，永久的，四季不断的，反复的；  n. 多年生植物;a plant that lives for several years or for many years :a perennial plant;If a plant can last for three seasons or more, it is perennial.,如果一株植物能至少存活三季，它就是多年生的。
tennis;/ˈtenɪs/;n. 网球;a game that is played by two people or two pairs of people on a special court (called a tennis court) where they hit a small ball back and forth over a net using rackets;He loves playing tennis on a sunny afternoon.,他喜欢在阳光明媚的下午打网球。
centennial;/senˈteniəl/;n. 一百周年庆典；  adj. 一百年的;the 100th anniversary of something (such as an important event);My hometown celebrated our centennial last year. ,去年我的家乡举行了该地成立100周年的庆典。
julienne;/,dʒuːlɪ'en/;v. 切丝;;Don't cut the vegetables too thick. The recipe requires us to julienne them.,不要把蔬菜切得太粗，食谱上要求切丝的。
barrenness;/ˈbærənnəs/;n. 不孕症，荒芜;a condition yielding nothing of value;The barrenness of the land meant that no-one wanted to farm it.,这片土地的荒芜意味没人愿意耕种它。
penny;/ˈpeni/;n. 便士，美分;a coin or a unit of money equal to;I’m so poor and this is my last penny.,我很穷，这是我最后一分钱。
penniless;/ˈpeniləs/;adj. 身无分文的，贫穷的;;I have a nice suit, but as you can see, I'm penniless.,虽然我穿着漂亮外套，但是如你所见，我身无分文。
kennel;/ˈkenl/;n. 狗窝，一群狗，阴沟；  v. 使住在狗窝，进狗窝;a container or very small building for a dog or cat to sleep or stay in;My pet dog loves his new kennel.,我的宠物狗很喜欢他的新狗窝。
