lemon juice;;柠檬;;Lemon juice is rich in Vitamin E.,柠檬汁富含维生素E。
licentious;/laɪˈsenʃəs/;adj. 纵欲的，放肆的;sexually immoral or offensive;My licentious girlfriend is into sex toys.,我纵欲的女友喜欢情趣用品。
nice;/naɪs/;adj. 美好的，令人愉快的;attractive or of good quality;She has a nice smile.,她的笑容很美好。
office;/ˈɔːfɪs/;n. 办公室，职位，处，局，社;a building or room in which people work at desks doing business or professional activities;I like office work - I can wear smart clothes and stay indoors.,我喜欢在办公室工作——可以穿得漂亮而且不用外出。
noticeable;/ˈnoʊtɪsəbl/;adj. 引人注目的；显而易见的；显著的；值得注意的;able to be easily seen or noticed;The red one is more noticeable than the blue ones.,红色的那一本比蓝色的那些更引人注目。
ice;/aɪs/;n. 冰，冰块；  v. 冰镇;frozen water;Ice is just frozen water.,冰是冻结的水。
concierge service;;门房服务;;Our hotel has a concierge service which can help you check-in and deliver your luggage to your room.,我们的客房服务会陪伴您到登记处，并把行李运送到您的房间。
take notice of;/teɪk/ /ˈnoʊtɪs/ /ɑv/;注意到;;Take notice of the cracks in the road. Driving over them may be a bad idea.,注意路上的裂缝。直接越过去可能是个坏主意。
driver's license;;phr. 驾驶执照;an official document or card which shows that you have the legal right to drive a vehicle;This is my driver’s license. Want to take a look?,这是我的驾照，要看下么？
munificent;/mjuːˈnɪfɪsnt/;adj. 慷慨的，大方的;very generous;Santa is so munificent that he gives gifts to millions of children every year.,圣诞老人真大方，他每年给数百万儿童送礼物。
iceberg;/ˈaɪsbɜːrɡ/;n. 冰山;a very large piece of ice floating in the ocean;It's too bad that the Titanic hit that iceberg.,泰坦尼克号撞上了冰山，真是太不幸了。
novice;/ˈnɑːvɪs/;n. 生手，新手;a person who has just started learning or doing something;The label pasted on the car warned us that the driver is a novice.,车上的标语提醒我们这司机还是个新手。
overpriced;/ˌoʊvərˈpraɪst/;adj. 定价过高的;to put too high a price or value on;This abandoned house is definitely overpriced.,这间废弃小屋绝对是定价过高了。
catering service;;饮食服务;;The catering service we hired for the party was amazing.,我们雇的这家办派对的餐饮服务公司太赞了！
service;/ˈsɜːrvɪs/;n. 服务，帮助，公共设施，公用事业，维修保养，服务机构；  v. 维修，保养;the act of helping or serving customers at a restaurant, hotel, store, etc.;The food here was good but the service was very slow.,这里的食物很美味，但是服务速度真的太慢了。
splice;/splaɪs/;n. 接合，衔接处；  v. 接头，捻接（线头等）;to join ropes, wires, etc., by weaving or twisting them together;The figure-8 knot is a good way to splice two ropes together.,8字结是把两条绳子捻接起来的好方法。
secretarial services;;秘书服务;;Secretarial services often include making coffee, answering calls and copying documents for the boss.,秘书服务通常包含为老板泡咖啡、接电话、复印文件等工作。
prejudice;/ˈpredʒudɪs/;n. 偏见；成见；损害；侵害；  vt. 使抱偏见;an unfair feeling of dislike for a person or group because of race, sex, religion, etc.;Some people had a prejudice against black people in the past.,过去人们对黑人有偏见。
practice;/ˈpræktɪs/;v. 练习，实践；  n. 练习，实行;to do something again and again in order to become better at it;You'll have to practice piano every day if you want to get good at it.,如果你想弹好钢琴的话，必须每天练习。
rice;/raɪs/;n. 稻，米;;I'll cook rice for dinner.,晚餐我做米饭。
multiple-choice;/ˌmʌltɪpl ˈtʃɔɪs/;adj. 有多个选项的;(of questions) showing several possible answers from which you must choose the correct one.;Choose one of the options from the multiple-choice question.,从这道选择题中选一个正确选项。
spice;/spaɪs/;n. 香料，调味品，风味；  v. 使增添趣味，加香料于;a substance (such as pepper or nutmeg) that is used in cooking to add flavor to food and that comes from a dried plant and is usually a powder or seed;I added some spice to the recipe to make it taste better. ,我在菜谱里加了些香料，这样料理就会更美味。
crevice;/ˈkrevɪs/;n. 缺口，裂缝;a narrow opening or crack in a hard surface and especially in rock;There is a deep crevice in the ground; make sure not to fall in.,地上有个很深的裂缝；不要掉进去了。
sacrifice;/ˈsækrɪfaɪs/;vt. 牺牲；祭献；  vi. 奉献；做出牺牲；  n. 祭品；牺牲;to give up something valued for the sake of other considerations;The soldier would sacrifice his life to save others in the war.,这位战士准备在战争中牺牲自己，拯救别人。
dice;/daɪs/;n. 骰子，小方块；  v. 掷骰子，切成方块;a small cube that is made of plastic, wood, etc., that has one to six dots on each side, and that is used usually in pairs in various games;He's not very smart, so he lost all his money on dice games.,他不是特别聪明，所以他把所有的钱输在了掷骰子游戏上。
police;/pəˈliːs/;n. 警察，警方；  v. 维持治安，管辖，监督;the people or the department of people who enforce laws, investigate crimes, and make arrests;We know he's in the police because of his car and uniform.,我们从他的车子和制服得知他是一位警察。
entice;/ɪnˈtaɪs/;v. 怂恿，引诱;to attract (someone) especially by offering or showing something that is appealing, interesting, etc.;The cheese enticed the mouse into the trap.,奶酪将老鼠引诱进陷阱。
malice;/ˈmælɪs/;n. 恶意；怨恨；预谋;a feeling of hatred for somebody that causes a desire to harm them;"I want to hurt you," He said with great malice.,“我要伤害你。”他恶狠狠地说。
lattice;/ˈlætɪs/;n. 格子架;a frame or structure made of crossed wood or metal strips;This lattice will look great in our garden.,这个格架放到咱们花园里一定很好看。
juice;/dʒuːs/;n. 液，（水果等）汁;the liquid part that can be squeezed out of vegetables and fruits;Fresh orange juice tastes better than the kind you can buy in a store.,新鲜的橘子汁，比商店买的好喝多了。
juice;/dʒuːs/;n. 液，（水果等）汁;the liquid part that can be squeezed out of vegetables and fruits;Fresh orange juice tastes better than the kind you can buy in a store.,新鲜的橘子汁，比商店买的好喝多了。
invoice;/ˈɪnvɔɪs/;n. 发票；  v. 开发票；记清单;a document that shows a list of goods or services and the prices to be paid for them;The invoice says this item only costs me 80 yuan.,发票上显示这件商品花了我80元。
twice;/twaɪs/;adv. 两次，两倍;doubled in amount or degree;Suddenly, lightning struck - not just once, but twice.,突然闪电来袭，不是一道，是两道！
license;/ˈlaɪsns/;n. 执照，许可；  vt. 许可，准许，发许可证;an official document, card, etc., that gives you permission to do, use, or have something;You should obtain a license before driving on the road.,开车上路前你要先有一个驾照。
financial services;;金融服务;the economic services provided by the finance industry.;Financial services can provide you loans, investment advice and commercial insurance.,金融服务能为你提供贷款、投资建议以及商业保险。
apprenticeship;/əˈprentɪʃɪp/;n. 学徒期，学徒身分;the period of time when a person is an apprentice;When I've served my apprenticeship, I plan to start my own plumbing business.,学徒期结束之后，我计划开始自己的管道设备事业。
vice;/vaɪs/;n. 缺点；恶习；邪恶；罪行；生理缺陷；  adj. 副的；代理的;bad or immoral behavior or habits;Both smoking and gambling are vices. You should quit them.,抽烟和赌博都是恶习，你们应该戒掉。
artifice;/ˈɑːrtɪfɪs/;n. 诡计，欺骗，巧妙的办法;dishonest or insincere behavior or speech that is meant to deceive someone;The Trojan Horse was a great artifice.,特洛伊木马是一个绝妙的诡计。
chalice;/ˈtʃælɪs/;n. （高脚）酒杯，圣餐杯，［植］杯状花;a special cup for holding wine;There's a legend that this is the chalice from which Jesus served wine at the Last Supper.,传说这就是耶稣在最后的晚餐中用来当酒器的圣餐杯。
under licence;;获得许可证，领有执照;with permit.;This kind of medicine is manufactured under licence from the State Food and Drug Administration.,这种药品的生产获得了国家食品药品监督管理局的许可。
driving licence;;n. （英）驾驶执照;an official document that shows that you are qualified to drive;Here's my driving licence, officer - do you want to see my insurance card as well?,警官，这是我的驾照，你要再看看我的社保卡吗？
licence;/ˈlaɪsns/;n. 许可证，执照;;The girl in the car holds her driver's licence.,车里的这个女孩儿持有驾照。
caprice;/kəˈpriːs/;n. 任性，反复无常，随想曲;;On a sudden caprice, she decided to have a long conversation with her teddy bear.,出于突然的任性，她决定和她的泰迪熊进行一番长谈。
policeman;/pəˈliːsmən/;n. 警察;a man who is a police officer;The policeman is chasing a thief.,警察正在抓小偷。
suffice;/səˈfaɪs/;v. 足够;to be or provide as much as is needed :to be sufficient;"Will a hundred apples suffice?" "Well, yeah, he can only eat two.",“一百个苹果够了吗？” “足够了，他只能吃两个。”
service user;;服务使用者;service user＝a person who uses health and/or social care services from service providers.;Babies are the service users of this child-care center.,宝宝们是这个护理中心的服务使用者。
cowardice;/ˈkaʊərdɪs/;n. 胆小，懦弱;fear that makes you unable to do what is right or expected :lack of courage;His cowardice in the face of the puppy is shameful!,他看到狗狗竟然如此胆小，简直令人难以置信！
beneficent;/bɪˈnefɪsnt/;adj. 慈善的，善行的;doing or producing good;His beneficent character compelled him to give to charity whenever he could.,他行善的性格促使他随时为慈善做贡献。
slice;/slaɪs/;vt. 把…切成片，把…分成数份；  vi. 可切成；  n. 薄片，一块;to cut (something) into pieces or slices;The chef is slicing the bread.,大厨正把面包切片呢。
indices;/ˈɪndɪsiːz/;n. 目录;an alphabetical listing of names and topics along with page numbers where they are discussed;The library had many different indices of books and newspapers.,图书馆对书籍和报刊都有不同的目录编号。
hospice;/ˈhɑːspɪs/;n. 收容所，旅客招待所，救济院;a place that provides care for people who are dying;People with AIDS will be nicely treated in this hospice.,在这个救济院中，艾滋病人将得到善待。
head office;;总公司;head office=the main office of a company; the managers who work there.;Our head office is located in Chengdu; we plan to open more branches in the future.,我们总公司在成都，我们计划未来设立更多分公司。
service charge;/ˈsɜːrvɪs tʃɑːrdʒ/;n. 服务费，小费;an amount of money that is charged for a particular service in addition to a basic fee;I left some money on the table due to the service charge.,由于要付服务费，我留了些钱在桌子上。
postal service;/ˈpoʊstl sɜːrvɪs/;邮政服务;the U.S. government department in charge of collecting and delivering mail;My brother sent me a package using the postal service.,我的兄弟用邮政服务给我寄送了一个包裹。
malpractice;/ˌmælˈpræktɪs/;n. 失职;professional wrongdoing that results in injury or damage.;A pair of scissors was left in his body due to the doctor's malpractice.,因为他的医生的失职，有一把手术剪刀遗留在了他体内。
give notice;;离职通知;to formally tell one's employer that one is quitting one's job;I gave notice to my boss one month in advance that I am quitting my job.,我提前一个月给了老板我的离职通知。
in practice;/ɪn 'præktɪs/;实际上，在实践中;;The solution was a good idea, but in practice it didn't work, so my computer is still broken.,那个方案主意很好，但不管用，所以我的电脑还是坏的。
ice sheet;/ˈaɪs ʃiːt/;冰层;a very large and thick area of ice that covers a region;The ice sheet over the lake was thick enough to skate on.,湖上的冰面厚得足以滑冰。
officer;/ˈɔːfɪsər/;n. 官员，干事，军官;a person who has a position of authority or command in the military;He's a friendly police officer.,他是一个和善的警察。 
avarice;/ˈævərɪs/;n. 贪财，贪婪;a strong desire to have or get money;So great was his avarice, he loved to make money off widows and orphans.,他贪婪心太重，爱骗寡妇和孤儿的钱。
justice;/ˈdʒʌstɪs/;n. 正义，公平，合理，妥当，应得的赏罚，审判，审判员;the quality of being fair or reasonable;Everyone can seek justice in court.,每个人都可以在法庭上寻求公正。
magnificence;/mæɡˈnɪfɪsns/;n. 宏伟，壮丽，富丽堂皇;splendid or imposing in size or appearance;The magnificence of the Taj Mahal is one of India's main tourist attractions.,壮丽的泰姬陵是印度的一大旅游景点。
rice;/raɪs/;n. 米饭，米，稻;short, narrow white or brown grain grown on wet land in hot countries as food; the plant that produces this grain;I'll cook rice for dinner.,晚餐我做米饭。
the choice and meaning of the words used when you say or write something;He paid close attention to the wording when writing poetry.,在写诗时，他密切注意自己的措辞。
accomplice;/əˈkɑːmplɪs/;n. 同谋者，帮凶;a person who works with or helps someone who is doing something wrong or illegal;Would you rather that I shoot you, or my accomplice?,你情愿被我开枪打死，还是做我的同谋？
in a...voice;/ɪn ə vɔɪs/;用…声音（说），…声地;volume or ways of speaking something;The man shouted at me in a loud voice.,那个男人大声地朝我吼叫。
price;/praɪs/;n. 价格，价钱，代价；  v. 标价;the amount of money that you pay for something or that something costs;I like to go shopping during sales when the prices are low.,我喜欢在打折的时候去买东西，那个时候价格很便宜。
bicentenary;/ˌbaɪsenˈtenəri/;adj. 二百年的；  n. 二百周年纪念;the 200th anniversary (or the celebration of it);2010 was the bicentenary of Mexico's 1810 revolution.,2010年是墨西哥1810年独立战争的二百周年纪念。
service;/ˈsɜːrvɪs/;n. 服务，帮助，公共设施，公用事业，维修保养，服务机构；  v. 维修，保养;the act of helping or serving customers at a restaurant, hotel, store, etc.;I like to leave a good tip after a meal if  we've had good service.,如果我们的晚餐有很好的服务，我会给不错的小费。
priceless;/ˈpraɪsləs/;adj. 无价的，珍贵的;extremely valuable or important;This antique which is being exhibited is priceless.,这个正在展览的古董是无价的。
voice;/vɔɪs/;n. 声音，意见，发言权；  v. 表达，吐露;the sounds that you make with your mouth and throat when you are speaking, singing, etc.;She has such a wonderful voice - no wonder so many people buy her music!, 她有如此美妙的声音，难怪这么多人买她的歌。
take one's advice;;听某人的意见;;I always take my mother's advice because she knows best.,我总是听妈妈的意见，因为她总是最正确。
post office;;邮局;post office＝a place where you can buy stamps, send letters, etc.;I need to go to the post office to send this letter to my pen pal.,我要去邮局把这封信寄给我的笔友。
price competition;;价格竞争;;In the past, the price competition between these two companies was very fierce.,过去，这两家公司的价格竞争非常激烈。
sale price;/seɪl/ /praɪs/;n. 特价，廉价;special price;Our sale price is 30% off our regular price.,我们的特价是在原价上打7折。
vice versa;;adv. 反过来也是一样地;with the order or meaning reversed.;We gossip about her and vice versa.,我们八卦她，反之亦然。
sales office;;销售办事处;;Our newly established sales office will bring in more money to the company.,我们新成立的销售办事处会给公司带来更多收入。
spiced;/spaɪst/;adj. 五香的，调过味的，含香料的; has had spices or other strong-tasting foods added to it.;This Indian curry is spiced with curry powder and ginger.,印度咖喱是用咖喱粉和生姜调过味的。
advice;/ədˈvaɪs/;n. （医生等的）意见，劝告，忠告;an opinion or suggestion about what someone should do;The doctor is giving her some good advice.,医生正给予她一些好的建议。
self-service;/ˌself ˈsɜːrvɪs/;adj. 自助的，自我服务的;allowing or requiring customers to serve themselves without help from workers;It was a self-service lunch, so we could take as much food as we wanted.,这是自助午餐，我们可以想吃多少就吃多少。
break the ice;;打破冷场，打破僵局;to relax a tense or unduly formal atmosphere or social situation;What an awkward silence! Thank god he joined the conversation to help break the ice.,真是一个尴尬的冷场！谢天谢地他加入了我们的聊天，打破了冷场。
choice;/tʃɔɪs/;n. 选择（机会），抉择，选项，精华；  adj. 精选的，上等的，优等的;the opportunity or power to choose between two or more possibilities; the opportunity or power to make a decision;To make the right choice, you have to attend the lessons.,为了选出正确的选项，你必须得去上课。
rejoice;/rɪˈdʒɔɪs/;v. 欣喜，高兴;to feel or show that you are very happy about something;She rejoiced over the good news.,她为这个好消息感到欣喜。
apprentice;/əˈprentɪs/;v. 使当学徒；  n. 学徒;a person who learns a job or skill by working for a fixed period of time for someone who is very good at that job or skill;The young apprentice worked on a piece of wood under his teacher's guidance.,这名年轻的学徒在他老师的指导下做木匠活。
list price;/ˈlɪst praɪs/;目录价格，标价;the price of a product that is shown in a catalog, advertisement, etc.;The list price on a regular coffee is very high - could you make me a small one for five yuan less?,这个普通咖啡的标价太贵了，可以少5块钱，给我做个小份的吗？
after-sales service;;售后服务;the fact of providing help to customers after they have bought a product, usually involving doing repairs that are needed or giving advice on how to use the product;The after-sales service of this product is brilliant; you can call for repair service anytime.,这个产品的售后服务相当出色，你可以随时打电话寻求维修服务。
fruit juice;/frut/ /dʒus/;n. 果汁;drink produced by squeezing or crushing fruit;The kid likes to drink fruit juice.,那个孩子喜欢喝果汁。
sluice;/sluːs/;n. 水闸，堰，泄洪，斜水槽；  v. 冲洗，开水闸放水，奔流;a sliding gate or other device for controlling the flow of water out of or into a canal, etc;People can adjust the flow of water into the canal by using the sluice gate.,人们可以通过水闸来调节水道里水的流量。
precipice;/ˈpresəpɪs/;n. 悬崖，危险的处境，灾难的边缘，濒危点;a very steep side of a mountain or cliff;Be careful at the precipice--you might fall off.,在悬崖边得小心——你有可能摔下去。
office block;;办公大楼;office block=a large building that contains offices, usually belonging to more than one company.;My company is located in this office block on the 23rd floor.,我的公司在这个办公大楼的23层。
edifice;/ˈedɪfɪs/;n. 宏伟的建筑物，（知识的）体系，结构;a large and usually impressive building (such as a church or government building);The edifice of the building can be seen from far away. ,那个宏伟的建筑可以从很远就看到。
reticent;/ˈretɪsnt/;adj. 沉默不语的，有保留的，含蓄的;not willing to tell people about things;At first, she was highly reticent about going out with me.,起初，她对于跟我约会有所保留。
epicenter;/'epɪˌsentə/;n. 震中，中心，集中点;the part of the earth's surface that is directly above the place where an earthquake starts;The earthquake could be felt 100 kilometers from the epicenter.,距震中100公里都可能感受到地震。
voicemail;/ˈvɔɪsmeɪl/;n. 语音信箱;a computerized system for answering and routing telephone calls.;"Hello, I am out of office now; please leave a message in my voicemail.",您好，我现在不在办公室，请在我的语音信箱留言。
ice cream cone;/aɪs/ /krim/ /koʊn/;phr. 冰淇淋蛋卷;the cone of ice cream;For dessert I'd like a vanilla ice cream cone.,要说餐后甜点的话，我喜欢香草冰激凌蛋卷。
price range;;价格区间;;What’s the price range?,在什么价格区间呢？
device;/dɪˈvaɪs/;n. 器械，装置，设备，手段，策略;an object, machine, or piece of equipment that has been made for some special purpose;Mobile phones are widely used devices.,手机是广泛应用的设备。
nicety;/ˈnaɪsəti/;n. 细节，讲究;a small detail and especially one that is a part of polite or proper behavior;At dinner parties, you should observe all the niceties and be polite.,在晚餐聚会中，你应该观察每一个细节并礼貌行事。
magnificent;/mæɡˈnɪfɪsnt/;adj. 华丽的，宏伟的，壮丽的;very beautiful or impressive ;very great;The peacock's feathers look magnificent!,孔雀的羽毛看起来非常华丽。
injustice;/ɪnˈdʒʌstɪs/;n. 不公平，非正义;unfair treatment :a situation in which the rights of a person or a group of people are ignored;The poor generally suffer more injustice than the rich.,穷人通常会比富人遭遇更多的不公平。
notice;/ˈnoʊtɪs/;n. 通知，注意；  v. 注意，察觉;information that tells you or warns you about something that is going to happen;The girl puts the notice on the board.,女孩把告示张贴在公告栏上。
