professionalism;/prəˈfeʃənəlɪzəm/;n. 专业性;the skill, good judgment, and polite behavior that is expected from a person who is trained to do a job well; Lanxiang best establishes the professionalism in excavator operations.,蓝翔为挖掘机技术树立了专业标杆。
absenteeism;/ˌæbsənˈtiːɪzəm/;n. 旷工，旷课;a tendency to be away from work or school without a good reason :the practice or habit of being absent from work or school;Your absenteeism is the reason I'm firing you. ,旷工是我开除你的原因。
seismic;/ˈsaɪzmɪk/;adj. 地震的，地震引起的，剧烈的;of, relating to, or caused by an earthquake;This machine will show seismic activity - and help us predict earthquakes.,这个机器会指示地震活动，并帮助我们预测地震。
provincialism;/prəˈvɪnʃlɪzəm/;n. 方言，地方风格，乡下习气;a partiality for some particular place;I don't understand him at all when he speaks in provincialisms.,他说方言的时候我完全不知道他在讲啥。
seismograph;/ˈsaɪzməɡræf/;n. 地震仪;a device that measures and records the movement of the earth during an earthquake;The seismograph indicated that there was an earthquake.,地震仪显示那里有一个地震。
dismissal;/dɪsˈmɪsl/;n. 解雇，免职;The act of dismissing, or the state or fact of being dismissed. Command or permission to depart.;Do not come back. This is your final dismissal.,不要回来了。你已经被解雇。
numismatics;/ˌnuːmɪz'mætɪks/;n. 货币学（古币或奖章类的研究）;the study of coins and medals;He's a specialist in numismatics and has collected many ancient coins.,他是钱币学的专家，搜集了很多古钱币。
charisma;/kəˈrɪzmə/;n. 魅力;a special charm or appeal that causes people to feel attracted and excited by someone (such as a politican);Marilyn Monroe was full of charisma and charm.,玛丽莲·梦露充满了魅力。
protectionism;/prə'tekʃənɪzəm/;n. 贸易保护主义;the actions of a government to help its country's trade or industry by taxing goods bought from other countries;Due to trade protectionism in the USA, China's tyre exports are now restricted.,由于美国的贸易保护主义，中国的轮胎出口受到了限制。
numismatist;/nuːˈmɪzmətɪst/;n. 钱币学家，钱币收藏家;a collector and student of money (and coins in particular);A numismatist collects rare and special coins.,钱币收藏家收集罕见独特的硬币。
cronyism;/ˈkroʊniɪzəm/;n. 任人唯亲，任用亲信;the unfair practice by a powerful person (such as a politician) of giving jobs and other favors to friends;We're sick of our boss's cronyism! She only hires her friends.,
vitalism;/'vaɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 活力论，生机说;(philosophy) a doctrine that life is a vital principle distinct from physics and chemistry;Vitalism is belief in a special force that keeps us alive.,活力论相信有种特殊力量保持我们活着。
dismember;/dɪsˈmembər/;v. 肢解，瓜分;to cut or tear (a body) into pieces;Don't dismember your doll unless you can put it back together again!,除非你能将它拼装好，否则不要拆开你的玩偶。
rheumatism;/ˈruːmətɪzəm/;n. 【内科】风湿病;a disease that causes stiffness and pain in the muscles and swelling and pain in the joints;He suffers from rheumatism and damp weather worsens his condition.,他患上了风湿病，天气潮湿病情就会恶化。
dismiss;/dɪsˈmɪs/;v. 开除，解散，摒除，不再考虑;to officially make (someone) leave a job; to end the employment or service of (someone);The boss was angry and dismissed the employee.,老板对这个员工很生气，于是解雇了他。
narcissism;/ˈnɑːrsɪsɪzəm/;n. 自恋，自爱; love of or sexual desire for one's own body;You accuse me of narcissism? You must mean that guy in the mirror!,你说我自恋？你是指镜子里的那个人吧！
nepotism;/ˈnepətɪzəm/;n. 偏袒的人（亲戚）;the unfair practice by a powerful person of giving jobs and other favors to relatives;In an act of nepotism, our boss hired his son--and is paying him in gold!,出于偏袒行为，我们老板雇佣了他儿子并用黄金付他工资！
socialism;/ˈsoʊʃəlɪzəm/;n. 社会主义;a set of political and economic theories based on the belief that everyone has an equal right to a share of a country’s wealth and that the government should own and control the main industries;They are the representatives of the socialism.,毛泽东和马克思等是社会主义的代表人。
sentimentalism;/ˌsentə'mentəlˌɪzəm/;n. 感伤主义，沉溺于情感;a tendency to have or express feelings of love, sadness, etc., especially in a way that seems foolish or excessive :a sentimental quality;The novel about the orphan’s life is full of sentimentalism.,这本关于孤儿的小说充满了感伤主义。
patriotism;/ˈpeɪtriətɪzəm/;n. 爱国主义，爱国心，爱国精神;love that people feel for their country;We show our patriotism by painting ourselves with our national flags.,我们在脸上画上国旗来表达我们的爱国心。
hedonism;/ˈhiːdənɪzəm/;n. 享乐主义;the belief that pleasure or happiness is the most important goal in life;Those who think real pleasure lies in hedonism are wrong.,那些认为真正的快乐存在于享乐主义中的人是错的。
impressionism;/ɪmˈpreʃənɪzəm/;n. 印象派，印象主义;a style of painting that began in France around 1870, that uses spots of color to show the effects of different kinds of light, and that attempts to capture the feeling of a scene rather than specific details;Monet was one of the great French painters during the impressionism art movement.,莫奈是印象主义运动时期最著名的法国画家之一。
truism;/ˈtruːɪzəm/;n. 自明之理，真理，不言而喻的道理;a true statement that is very commonly heard :a common statement that is obviously true;It's a truism that 1+1=2... You know that, right?,1加1等于2是真理。你知道的，对吧？
nationalism;/ˈnæʃnəlɪzəm/;n. 民族主义，国家主义，民族特性;;Supporting your country's football team is a harmless type of nationalism.,支持祖国的足球队是种无害的民族主义行为。
idealism;/aɪˈdiːəlɪzəm/;n. 理想主义，唯心论;;He was full of youthful idealism, believing all good things will come true.,他满脑子都是年轻人的理想主义，他觉得一切皆可以实现。
alcoholism;/ˈælkəhɔːlɪzəm/;n. 酒精中毒;a medical condition in which someone frequently drinks too much alcohol and becomes unable to live a normal and healthy life;The man drank way too much wine; he suffers from alcoholism.,这个男人喝了太多酒而引起了酒精中毒。
mannerism;/ˈmænərɪzəm/;n. （说话、举止等的）习气，癖性，矫揉造作;a person's particular way of talking or moving;One of the girl's mannerisms is to bite her own toe.,这个小女孩的怪癖之一是啃自己的脚丫。
favoritism;/'feɪvərɪtˌɪzəm/;n. 偏爱，偏袒;the unfair practice of treating some people better than others;I guess I show some favoritism toward my younger grandson, because he's cuter.,我想我表现出了对小外孙的偏爱，因为他更可爱。
dismal;/ˈdɪzməl/;n. 低落的情绪；  adj. 惨淡的，沉闷的，凄凉的;very bad or poor;The dismal weather indicates that the rain is coming soon. ,阴沉的天气预示着要下雨了。
empiricism;/ɪmˈpɪrɪsɪzəm/;n. 经验主义，经验论;the practice of basing ideas and theories on testing and experience;Empiricism is the belief that studying the world around us is the best way to find truth.,经验主义是一种信念：研究身边的世界是发现真理的最佳方式。
fatalism;/ˈfeɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 宿命论;the belief that what will happen has already been decided and cannot be changed;Adherents of fatalism believe that nothing can change the future.,宿命论的拥护者相信没有什么能够改变未来。
Marxism;/'mɑːrksɪzəm/;n. 马克思主义;the political, economic, and social theories of Karl Marx including the belief that the struggle between social classes is a major force in history and that there should eventually be a society in which there are no classes;Marxism and capitalism are very different economic ideas.,马克思主义和资本主义是两个非常不同的经济理论。
dismissively;/dɪsˈmɪsɪvli/;adv. 轻蔑地;in a manner that suggests that something or someone is unworthy of consideration;She looked at the newcomer dismissively.,她不屑地看着那个新来的。
altruism;/ˈæltruɪzəm/;n. 利他主义，不自私;feelings and behavior that show a desire to help other people and a lack of selfishness;Our altruism causes us to give what we can to the poor.,出于利他主义心态，我们尽力帮助穷人。
skepticism;/ˈskeptɪsɪzəm/;n. 怀疑态度，怀疑论，多疑癖;an attitude of doubting the truth of something (such as a claim or statement);My skepticism of other people's motives has almost always been well-founded!,我对他人的动机怀疑基本都是有依据的！
industrialism;/ɪnˈdʌstriəlɪzəm/;n. 产业主义，工业主义，工业制度;a social system in which industry and factories are the basis of a country's economy;Factories and machines are signs of industrialism.,工厂和机器是工业主义的标志。
pessimism;/ˈpesɪmɪzəm/;n. 悲观，悲观主义;a feeling or belief that bad things will happen in the future :a feeling or belief that what you hope for will not happen;Her pessimism gets her down; she always see the glass as half empty.,她的悲观情绪使她总是很消极，看到玻璃杯的水是半空（而不是半满）的。
organism;/ˈɔːrɡənɪzəm/;n. 微生物，有机体，有机组织;a living thing, especially one that is extremely small;Small organisms can make you sick.,小小的微生物就可以致病。
liberalism;/ˈlɪbərəlɪzəm/;n. 自由主义，开明的思想或见解;belief in the value of social and political change in order to achieve progress;Political liberalism is the idea that people should be free of government in their personal lives, but that government can help economically.,政治自由主义的观点是：公民个人生活应该不受政府约束，但政府可以在经济上帮助他们。
aphorism;/ˈæfərɪzəm/;n. 格言，警句;a short phrase that expresses a true or wise idea;"Experience is the father of wisdom" is a nice little aphorism.,“经验是智慧之父”是一句短小而美好的格言。
teetotalism;/ˌtiːˈtoʊtəlɪzəm/;n. 禁酒; abstaining from alcohol;Because of her teetotalism, she doesn't drink alcohol.,因为她的绝对禁酒主义，她不喝酒。
parallelism;/ˈpærəlelɪzəm/;n. 平行；类似，对应;;There is a certain level of parallelism between this cat and that man!,毫无疑问这个喵星人和豹子头有着相似之处！
dismay;/dɪsˈmeɪ/;n. 沮丧；失望；气馁；  v. 使惊恐；使失望；使气馁;a strong feeling of being worried, disappointed, or upset;The crazy woman cried out in dismay.,这个疯狂的女人在沮丧中放声大喊。
tourism;/'tʊrɪzəm/;n. 旅游，旅游业;the business of providing hotels, restaurants, entertainment, etc., for people who are traveling;The beach is a popular location for tourism.,海边是旅游胜地。
bipedalism;/'baɪpedlɪzəm/;n. 二足类;the bodily attribute of being bipedal; having two feet;In nature, bipedalism is restricted to humans and birds.,自然界中的二足类仅限于人类和鸟类。
fanaticism;/fəˈnætɪsɪzəm/;n. 狂热，盲信;fanatic outlook or behavior;Fanaticism is a symbol of the three boys' fans.,哪里有这三个男孩的粉丝，哪里就有狂热。
heroism;/ˈheroʊɪzəm/;n. 英勇主义，英雄气概，英雄行为;great courage;True heroism is acting bravely even when you're afraid.,当你害怕的时候仍然表现得很勇敢才是真正的英雄主义。
imperialism;/ɪmˈpɪriəlɪzəm/;n. 帝国主义;a policy or practice by which a country increases its power by gaining control over other areas of the world;Many European nations wanted to expand their empires because they advocated imperialism.,许多西方国家都拥护帝国主义，想扩张自己的帝国疆土。
optimism;/ˈɑːptɪmɪzəm/;n. 乐观；乐观主义;a feeling or belief that good things will happen in the future; a feeling or belief that what you hope for will happen;His optimism always brings himself confidence and happiness.,他的乐观总会给他带来自信与快乐。
cannibalism;/ˈkænɪbəlɪzəm/;n. 嗜食同类，自相残杀，食人，人吃人的风俗;the practice of eating the flesh of your own kind;Is a chicken eating fried chicken considered cannibalism?,一只正在吃炸鸡的鸡会想到这是在嗜食同类吗？
conservatism;/kənˈsɜːrvətɪzəm/;n. 守旧（性），保守，保守主义;belief in the value of established and traditional practices in politics and society;This politician is an advocate of conservatism.,这位政治家是保守主义的拥护者。
communism;/ˈkɑːmjunɪzəm/;n. 共产主义;a social and economic system in which there is no private ownership and the means of production belong to all political doctrine or movement that aims to establish;The idea of communism was first introduced by Karl Marx.,卡尔·马克思是传播共产主义思想的第一人。
criticism;/ˈkrɪtɪsɪzəm/;n. 批评；批判；评论;the act of expressing disapproval and of noting the problems or faults of a person or thing; the act of criticizing someone or something;You should expect a lot of criticism when starting a new job.,开始一项新工作的时候，你就应该想到会受到很多批评。
prism;/ˈprɪzəm/;n. 棱镜；棱柱;a transparent glass or plastic object that usually has three sides and that separates the light that passes through it into different colors;Rainbows form when raindrops act like prisms and refract sunlight.,当雨滴像棱柱形并且折射阳光就会形成彩虹。
euphemism;/ˈjuːfəmɪzəm/;n. 婉言，委婉的说法;a mild or pleasant word or phrase that is used instead of one that is unpleasant or offensive;If you want to use a euphemism, you could call me a sex therapist.,如果你想用委婉语，你可以叫我性治疗师。
recidivism;/rɪˈsɪdɪvɪzəm/;n. 重犯;habitual relapse into crime;Recidivism is when criminals go back to prison.,重犯就是再次回到监狱的犯人。
capitalism;/ˈkæpɪtəlɪzəm/;n. 资本主义;a way of organizing an economy so that the things that are used to make and transport products (such as land, oil, factories, ships, etc.) are owned by individual people and companies rather than by the government;Capitalism works for making money, but it doesn't help the poor very much.,资本主义对赚钱有用，但却不能帮助穷人。
ecotourism;/'iːkoʊtʊrɪzəm/;n. 生态旅游;tourism that involves visiting scenic or remote natural areas while attempting to minimize negative impacts on the environment and on the local inhabitants;It's important to avoid damaging the environment when developing ecotourism.,在发展生态旅游业的同时，避免破坏环境很重要。
talisman;/ˈtælɪzmən/;n. 护身符，避邪物;an object (such as a ring or stone) that is believed to have magic powers and to cause good things to happen to the person who has it;This Hindu talisman is supposed to bring good luck.,这个印度护身符应该可以给我带来好运。
seismology;/saɪzˈmɑːlədʒi/;n. 地震学;the scientific study of earthquakes;The study of seismology gave us a better understanding of earthquake risks.,地震学的研究能让我们更好地了解地震风险。
metabolism;/məˈtæbəlɪzəm/;n. 新陈代谢;the chemical processes by which a plant or an animal uses food, water, etc., to grow and heal and to make energy;Her metabolism lets her eat whatever she wants and stay skinny. ,她的新陈代谢机制让她随意吃她想吃的而且不会长胖。
plagiarism;/ˈpleɪdʒərɪzəm/;n. 剽窃，抄袭;the act of using another person's words or ideas without giving credit to that person :the act of plagiarizing something;She was suspended from school for the plagiarism of the essay.,因为论文抄袭，她被停课了。
Buddhism;/'bʊdɪzəm/;n. 佛教;Buddhism is a religion which teaches that the way to end suffering is by overcoming your desires.;The man sitting there believes in Buddhism.,坐着的那个人信奉佛教。
functionalism;/ˈfʌŋkʃənəlɪzəm/;n. 机能主义，机能心理学，实用第一主义; idea that the most important aspect of something, especially the design of a building or piece of furniture, is how it is going to be used or its usefulness;The functionalism of old factories gives them a strange kind of beauty.,破旧工厂的机能主义为它们带来一种奇妙的美感。
journalism;/ˈdʒɜːrnəlɪzəm/;n. 新闻业;the activity or job of collecting, writing, and editing news stories for newspapers, magazines, television, or radio;Good journalism is necessary to maintain a functioning democracy.,良好的新闻业对于维护民主运行是不可或缺的。
astigmatism;/əˈstɪɡmətɪzəm/;n. 散光;a problem with the eye that prevents a person from seeing clearly;You'll need specially-made glasses to correct your astigmatism.,
careerism;/kəˈrɪrɪzəm/;n. 个人野心，对个人名利的追求;an attitude or way of behaving that involves trying to do whatever you can to make more money or get promoted at your job;Her careerism quickly made her successful.,她的野心使得她迅速取得了成功。
urbanism;/'ɜːbənˌɪzəm/;n. 都市生活，都市集中;the typical way of life of people who live in a city or town;The new urbanism means trying to make the best of modern city life.,新的都市生活意味着充分利用城市的生活现代化。
materialism;/məˈtɪriəlɪzəm/;n. 唯物主义，物质主义;a way of thinking that gives too much importance to material possessions rather than to spiritual or intellectual things;Even though I don't believe in materialism, I'd still prefer a suit to this barrel!,虽然我不是一个物质主义者，但是比起这木桶，我还是更想要西装。
dismantle;/dɪsˈmæntl/;v. 拆开，拆除;to take (something, such as a machine or structure) apart so that it is in separate pieces;The building needed to be dismantled to make room for new ones.,为了给新建筑腾出位置，这栋楼需要被拆除。
terrorism;/ˈterərɪzəm/;n. 恐怖主义;the use of violent acts to frighten the people in an area as a way of trying to achieve a political goal;We need to protect our country against terrorism.,我们要保卫国家，对抗恐怖主义。
cubism;/ˈkjuːbɪzəm/;n. （艺术上的）立体派;a style of art that originated in the early 20th century in which objects are divided into and shown as a group of geometric shapes and from many different angles at the same time;We're studying cubism in Art History class.,我们正在艺术史课上研习立体主义。
schism;/ˈskɪzəm/;n. 分裂，（教派或政党的）分裂;a division among the members of a group that occurs because they disagree on something;After the schism, the movement split into two separate organizations.,分裂后，这场运动分成了两个独立的组织。
romanticism;/roʊˈmæntɪsɪzəm/;n. 浪漫主义，浪漫精神;the quality or state of being impractical or unrealistic :romantic feelings or ideas;Holding a fuzzy heart? Come on, your romanticism is  kind of over the top.,怀抱绒毛心形抱枕？得了吧，你浪漫主义过头了。
vandalism;/ˈvændəlɪzəm/;n. （对公物）恶意破坏;the act of deliberately destroying or damaging property;Senseless acts of vandalism, such as destroying cars, ought to be punished.,愚蠢的恶意破坏行为应该受到惩罚，比如摧毁汽车。
charismatic;/ˌkærɪzˈmætɪk/;adj. 超凡魅力的，神赐能力的，有魅力的;having great charm or appeal :filled with charisma;He was a very charismatic person, and everybody he met became his friend.,他是个非常有魅力的人，每个他碰到的人都成为了他的朋友。
antagonism;/ænˈtæɡənɪzəm/;n. 敌对，对抗，敌意;a strong feeling of dislike or hatred :a desire to oppose something you dislike or disagree with;There was a lot of antagonism between the competitors before the match.,拳击比赛开始前，双方的敌对情绪已经很明显了。
neologism;/niˈɑːlədʒɪzəm/;n. 新生词;a new word or expression or a new meaning of a word;"Blog" is a neat little neologism that's come into use in the last few decades.,“博客”是一个超赞的新生词，近几十年来开始被使用。
baptism;/ˈbæptɪzəm/;n. 洗礼，严峻考验;a Christian ceremony in which a small amount of water is placed on a person's head or in which a person's body is briefly placed under water;Baptism is an important part of becoming a Christian.,洗礼是成为基督徒过程中很重要的一部分。
symbolism;/'sɪmbəlɪzəm/;n. 象征手法，象征主义，象征，符号化;the use of symbols to represent ideas, especially in art and literature;The morning sun is often thought of as a kind of symbolism for youth.,朝阳经常被用来作为青春的一种象征手法。
mechanism;/ˈmekənɪzəm/;n. 机械装置，结构，机制，机构，原理;a set of moving parts in a machine that has a particular function;A watch's mechanism is very complicated.,手表的机械装置是很复杂的。
feminism;/ˈfemənɪzəm/;n. 女权主义，男女平等主义，女权运动;the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities;Feminism is the belief that men and women are equal.,女权主义是一种相信男人和女人地位平等的信仰。
magnetism;/ˈmæɡnətɪzəm/;n. 吸引力；磁；磁性;the property of attracting certain metals :the attracting property of a magnet;Money has a powerful magnetism and is very attractive.,钱有着一种神奇的吸引力。
chauvinism;/ˈʃoʊvɪnɪzəm/;n. 沙文主义者，盲目爱国主义;an attitude that the members of your own sex are always better than those of the opposite sex;She felt the pressure of the male chauvinism of her male coworkers.,她因男同事们的大男子主义而压力山大。
individualism;/ˌɪndɪˈvɪdʒuəlɪzəm/;n. 个人主义，利己主义，个人特征;the belief that the needs of each person are more important than the needs of the whole society or group;His strong sense of individualism kept him from joining the rest of the crowd.,他强烈的个人主义使他没有加入其他人。
sexism;/ˈseksɪzəm/;n. （针对女性的）性别歧视，男性至上主义;;Sexism widely exists in this company; that's why she's not fairly treated.,这家公司广泛存在着性别歧视，这就是为什么她得不到公正的对待。
