nice;/naɪs/;adj. 美好的，令人愉快的;attractive or of good quality;She has a nice smile.,她的笑容很美好。
ultrasonic;/ˌʌltrəˈsɑːnɪk/;adj. 超声波的;used to describe sounds that are too high for humans to hear;Bats can emit ultrasonic waves.,蝙蝠可以发出超声波。
niche marketing;;利基营销，对路适销;;They decided to adopt the niche/targeted marketing that aimed at the fat people.,他们决定采用针对胖子的利基营销战略。
inorganic chemical;/ˌɪnɔrˈɡænɪk/ /ˈkemɪk(ə)l/;无机化合物;;Hydrogen peroxide is an inorganic chemical, because it doesn't contain carbon.,过氧化氢是种无机化合物，因为它不含碳。
manicure;/ˈmænɪkjʊr/;n. 修指甲；  v. 修剪;to give a beauty treatment to (someone's hands and fingernails) :to give a manicure to (someone's hands and fingernails);Come on ladies, let's go get a manicure! I want my hands to be pretty!,走吧女士们，我们去修指甲吧！我想让手看起来漂亮！
picnic;/ˈpɪknɪk/;n. 郊游，野餐；  v. 野餐;a trip or party that includes a meal eaten outdoors;The family enjoyed a nice picnic outside.,一家人在室外享用了一顿很好的野餐。
sardonic;/sɑːrˈdɑːnɪk/;adj. 讽刺的，嘲笑的;showing that you disapprove of or do not like someone or something :showing disrespect or scorn for someone or something;He has a sardonic sense of humor.,他有种讽刺的幽默感。
ultrasonics;/ʌltrə'sɒnɪks/;n. 超声波学;a  praetersonics;We use ultrasonics to see what a mother's unborn baby looks like..,我们用超声波来看妈妈肚里未出生的孩子长什么样。
nickel;/ˈnɪkl/;n. 镍；美国五分镍币；五分钱;a U.S. or Canadian coin that is worth five cents;American five cent coins are called "nickels" because they are made of nickel.,美国的5分钱硬币被称作镍币，因为它是由镍做成的。
pathogenic;/ˌpæθəˈdʒenɪk/;adj. 病原的，致病的，发病的;able to cause disease;Strengthen your immune system to protect against pathogenic diseases.,加强你的免疫系统来抵制病原性疾病。
harmonica;/hɑːrˈmɑːnɪkə/;n. 口琴;a small musical instrument that is played with your mouth;Wow! Listen to that baby play the harmonica!,哇！听那个小孩正在吹口琴！
municipality;/mjuːˌnɪsɪˈpæləti/;n. 市民，市政当局，自治市或区;;The municipality has powers of self-government and self-determination.,市政当局具有自我管理和自主决定权。
ironically;/aɪˈrɑːnɪkli/;adv. 讽刺地；说反话地;used to draw attention to a situation that is odd or amusing because it involves a contrast;Ironically, this road has a sign to tell you that the road has no signs.,讽刺的是，这条路上有个标示告诉你路上没有任何标示。
ethnic;/ˈeθnɪk/;adj. 种族的，少数民族的;associated with or belonging to a particular race or group of people who have a culture that is different from the main culture of a country;Many ethnic groups have their own costumes.,很多民族都有他们自己的民族服装。
picnic;/ˈpɪknɪk/;n. 野餐，郊游；  v. 野餐;a trip or party that includes a meal eaten outdoors;The family enjoyed a nice picnic outside.,一家人在室外享用了一顿很好的野餐。
unicorn;/ˈjuːnɪkɔːrn/;n. 独角兽;an imaginary animal that looks like a horse and has a straight horn growing from the middle of its forehead;When I was a little girl, I dreamed of having a unicorn as my pet.,当我还是个小女孩时，我幻想着养一头独角兽做宠物。
organically;/ɔːrˈɡænɪkli/;adv. 有机地，有组织地，器官上地;in an organic manner;The fruit is grown organically without pesticides.,水果有机地生长，没有用农药。
telecommunication;/ˌtelikəˌmjuːnɪˈkeɪʃn/;n. 电信，远程通信;(often plural) systems used in transmitting messages over a distance electronically;I prefer telecommunication to talking face to face.,比起面对面交谈，我更喜欢远程通讯。
clinical;/ˈklɪnɪkl/;adj. 临床的；冷静的;relating to or based on work done with real patients; of or relating to the medical treatment that is given to patients in hospitals, clinics, etc.;The clinical staff at the hospital told me that my health was excellent.,医院的临床医生告诉我我的健康状况非常好
inorganic;/ˌɪnɔːrˈɡænɪk/;n. 无机物质；  adj. 无生物的，无机的，人造的，非本质的;made from or containing material that does not come from plants or animals;Things like water and rock are inorganic.,水和岩石一类的东西是无机的。
ironic;/aɪˈrɑːnɪk/;adj. 讽刺的;strange or funny because something (such as a situation) is different from what you expected;It's ironic that the bird is standing on the the "no birds" sign.,讽刺的是，这只鸟正好站在“禁鸟”牌子上。
nicotine;/ˈnɪkətiːn/;n. 尼古丁;a poisonous substance in tobacco that makes it difficult for people to stop smoking cigarettes;It is difficult to quit smoking because nicotine is so addictive. ,戒烟很难是因为尼古丁很让人上瘾。
oceanic;/ˌoʊʃiˈænɪk/;adj. 海洋的，广阔无垠的;relating to or occurring or living in or frequenting the open ocean;Oceanic fishing is more exciting than fishing in lakes, though it is also more dangerous.,在海洋捕鱼比在湖泊更刺激，不过也更危险。
runic;/ˈruːnɪk/;adj. 神秘的，古代北欧文字的; relating to or consisting of runes;These runic inscriptions were made thousands of years ago in ancient Britain.,这些神秘的铭文来自于数千年前的古代英国。
conical;/ˈkɑːnɪkl/;adj. 圆锥的，圆锥形的;shaped like a cone;The shape of this tree is conical.,这棵树的形状是圆锥形。
electronic;/ɪˌlekˈtrɑːnɪk/;adj. 电子的；电子学的；电子操控的；电子设备的;of or relating to electronics; concerned with or using devices that operate on principles governing the behavior of electrons;;The DJ played electronic music at the party.,DJ在聚会上放电子音乐。
organic;/ɔːrˈɡænɪk/;adj. 有机的，器官的，组织的;grown or made without the use of artificial chemicals;We don't use chemical fertilizer. This is natural organic food!,我们没有添加化肥，这是纯天然有机食物。
histrionic;/ˌhɪstriˈɑːnɪk/;adj. 戏剧的，装腔作势的，作戏的;too emotional or dramatic;The elephant's reaction to the ants is completely histrionic.,大象遇到蚂蚁时的反应也太做作了。
tectonics;/tek'tɒnɪks/;n. 构造地质学，构造学;the structure of the Earth's surface and the ways in which it changes shape over time;You can predict earthquakes by studying plate tectonics.,通过研究板块构造，你就能预测地震。
municipal;/mjuːˈnɪsɪpl/;adj. 市政的；市的;connected with or belonging to a town, city or district that has its own local government;The Municipal Building has a history of 30 years.,这栋市政大楼有三十年的历史了。
technician;/tekˈnɪʃn/;n. 技术员，技师;a person who is an expert in the techniques of a particular subject, art or craft;We brought the technician in to repair our computers.,我们把技术员叫来修电脑。
embryonic;/ˌembriˈɑːnɪk/;adj. 【生物学】胚胎的，初期的;in an early or undeveloped stage;Human beings get nutrients through the umbilical cord in embryonic form.,在胚胎时期人类通过脐带获得营养。 
Satanic;/sə'tænɪk/;adj. 邪恶的，魔鬼的;extremely evil or cruel; expressive of cruelty or befitting hell;He's performing some evil Satanic ritual. Scary.,他在举行某种邪恶的仪式。太可怕了！
fornicate;/ˈfɔːrnɪkeɪt/;v. 与……通奸，私通;to have sexual intercourse;The man fornicated with the woman.,那个男人和这个女人通奸。
nickname;/ˈnɪkneɪm/;n. 绰号；诨号；昵称；  vt. 起绰号；叫错…的名字;a name (such as “Moose” or “Lady Bird”) that is different from your real name but is what your family, friends, etc., call you when they are talking to you or about you;When I was a little child, my nickname was "Goudan".,小时候的的绰号是“狗蛋”。
penicillin;/ˌpenɪˈsɪlɪn/;n. 盘尼西林（青霉素）;a medicine that is used to kill harmful bacteria;The discovery of penicillin was really helpful to doctors.,青霉素的发现对医生帮助很大。
clinic;/ˈklɪnɪk/;n. 诊所；门诊所;a place where people get medical help;She took her dog to the animal clinic to see if he's sick.,她带她的狗去动物诊所看看它是否生病了。
volcanic;/vɑːlˈkænɪk/;adj. 火山的，猛烈的，易突然发作的；  n. 火山岩;of, relating to, or produced by a volcano;After the volcanic eruption the sky was clouded with smoke.,在火山喷发后，天空被浓烟密布。
botanical;/bəˈtænɪkl/;adj. 植物（学）的；  n. 植物性药材;of or relating to plants or the study of plants;I went to the botanical gardens to see the beautiful plants.,我们去了植物园欣赏那些美丽的植物。
Titanic;/taɪ'tænɪk/;adj. 巨人的，力大无比的；  n. 泰坦尼克号;a luxury British liner that struck an iceberg near Newfoundland on its maiden voyage on the night of April 14–15, 1912, with the loss of 1513 lives;I heard they made a movie about the Titanic. Have you seen it?,听说他们拍了一部有关泰坦尼克号的电影，你看了吗？
electronically;/ɪˌlekˈtrɑːnɪkli/;adv. 电子地;by electronic means;Now there are lots of ways to communicate electronically.,如今，人们可以用多种方式进行电子沟通。
mechanical;/məˈkænɪkl/;adj. 机械的，机械学的，机械性的;of or relating to physical energy and forces :relating to the science of mechanics;My car has a mechanical problem.,我的车出了个机械上的毛病。
communication channel;;信道，通信电路;(often plural) a means of communication or access;Information runs through communication channels and enables us to communicate with each other.,信息在信道中运转，让我们能够和彼此交流。
ethnicity;/eθˈnɪsəti/;n. 种族划分，种族地位，种族特点;Ethnic character, background, or affiliation;We are a diverse campus, with students of pretty much every ethnicity.,我们是一个多元的校园，几乎每个种族的学生都有。
snicker;/ˈsnɪkər/;vi. 偷笑，窃笑；  vt. 窃笑着说；  n. 窃笑;to make a short, quiet laugh in a way that shows disrespect;"What are you snickering about back there?" "You forgot to wear pants today.",“你们在那里窃笑着说什么？” “你今天忘记穿裤子了。”
technical;/ˈteknɪkl/;adj. 技术的，工艺的;relating to the practical use of machines or science in industry, medicine, etc.;We go to her for any technical questions.,有任何技术问题都可以找她。
scenic;/ˈsiːnɪk/;n. 风景照片，风景胜地；  adj. 风景的，景色优美的，舞台背景的，舞台的;having, providing, or relating to a pleasing or beautiful view of natural scenery (such as mountains, hills, valleys, etc.);We stopped whenever we reached a scenic spot and took some pictures.,我们每到一个景点就停下来，然后拍拍照。
communicate;/kəˈmjuːnɪkeɪt/;v. 沟通，交流思想，通讯，传达;to get someone to understand your thoughts or feelings;The police communicate with each other by radio.,警察之间通过无线电相互联络。
chronic fatigue syndrome;;慢性疲劳综合征;chronic fatigue syndrome＝a syndrome characterized by debilitating fatigue and a combination of flulike symptoms.;Severe headaches, memory loss and sleeping problems are all symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome.,头痛，记性差，失眠都是慢性疲劳综合征的症状。
communicable;/kəˈmjuːnɪkəbl/;adj. 可传达的，会传染的，爱说话的;;Bird flu is a communicable disease that can be easily spread.,禽流感是一种传染性很强的传染病。
communicator;/kə'mjuːnɪkeɪtər/;n. 沟通者，交流者;someone who is able to talk about their ideas and emotions in a way that other people understand;He's the most talented communicator in the team, everybody likes working with him.,他是团队中最优秀的沟通者，大家都喜欢和他一起工作。
carbonic;/kɑː'bɒnɪk/;adj. 碳的，由碳得到的;relating to or consisting of or yielding carbon;The factory produces a lot of carbonic pollution.,这个工厂排放了大量碳污染。
communication;/kəˌmjuːnɪˈkeɪʃn/;n. 通讯，传达，交际，信息;the ways of sending information to people by using technology;They like to use cellphone for communication.,他们喜欢用手机来通讯。
niche;/niːʃ/;n. 壁龛，合适的职业;a curved space in a wall that is designed to hold a statue, vase, etc.;I placed this niche on my wall so that I can pray to it every day.,我在墙上安置了一个壁龛，这样我就能每天对它祈祷了。
mechanics;/mə'kænɪks/;n. 力学；技巧;a science that deals with physical energy and forces and their effect on objects;Mechanics is the science of movement and forces.,力学是一门关于运动和力量的科学。
chronicle;/ˈkrɑːnɪkl/;n. 编年史，年代记，记录；  v. 记录，把…载入编年史;to describe a series of events in the order that they happened;Let me read to you from this ancient chronicle from the Tang dynasty.,让我从唐代开始给你阅读这个古代编年史。
mechanic;/məˈkænɪk/;n. 机（械）工;a person who repairs machines (such as car engines) and keeps them running properly;Even though I'm a mechanic, I still can't fix this car!,虽然我是个机械工，但我也修不好这辆车。
harmonic;/hɑːrˈmɑːnɪk/;adj. 和声的，和谐的，融洽的，音乐般的；  n. 【物】谐波，和声;of or relating to musical harmony rather than melody or rhythm;Harmonic orchestral effects are very pleasing to our ears.,管弦和音的效果听起来很悦耳。
cynical;/ˈsɪnɪkl/;adj. 愤世嫉俗的，爱挖苦人的;believing that people are generally selfish and dishonest;With that cynical outlook, he feels disappointed about the society.,抱着那种愤世嫉俗的观点，他对这个社会感到非常失望。
finicky;/ˈfɪnɪki/;adj. 苛求的，过份讲究的;requiring a lot of care or attention;My daughter is so finicky about her food! She never eats my cooking.,我女儿超级挑食！她从不吃我做的菜。
panic;/ˈpænɪk/;n. 恐慌，惊慌，慌乱；  v. （使）恐慌，使……惊慌失措；  adj. 恐慌的，惊慌的;a state or feeling of extreme fear that makes someone unable to act or think normally;The cat was in panic before the kick was taken.,球踢过来之前，猫咪已经惊恐万分。
Hispanic;/hɪ'spænɪk/;adj. 西班牙的，西班牙人的，拉丁美洲的;related to a Spanish-speaking people or culture;The Hispanic men really love to play soccer. ,拉丁美洲人很喜欢踢足球。
telecommunications;/ˌtelikəˌmjuːnɪˈkeɪʃnz/;n. 无线电通讯；电信学;the technology of sending and receiving signals, images, etc., over long distances by telephone, television, satellite, etc.;It is the biggest company in telecommunications in China.,这是中国电信行业最大的公司。
technically;/ˈteknɪkli/;adv. 技术上，专门地，学术上，工艺上;;Repairing computer circuits is a technically difficult job.,修电脑主板是很难的技术活儿。
volcanic eruption;/vɑːlˈkænɪk  ɪˈrʌpʃn/;火山爆发;an occasion when a volcano suddenly throws out burning rocks, smoke, etc.;The flames burst out from the mountain when the volcanic eruption happened.,火山爆发的时候，山口迸发出熊熊火焰。
plutonic;/pluː'tɒnɪk/;adj. 深层岩体的，冥王星的;of igneous rock that has solidified beneath the earth's surface; granite or diorite or gabbro;Plutonic rocks are formed deep beneath the Earth's surface.,火成岩形成于地壳深层。
supersonic;/ˌsuːpərˈsɑːnɪk/;adj. 超音速的;faster than the speed of sound;Supersonic jets can fly faster than sound.,超音速飞机的飞行速度比声音更快。
IT technician;;（information technology technician）信息技术员，信息技术工程师;IT technician＝an industrial occupation whose responsibility is maintaining communications and computer systems.;The IT technician will solve our network problem within an hour.,信息技术员在一个小时内就会解决我们的网络问题。
laconic;/ləˈkɑːnɪk/;adj. （用词）简洁的，简明的;using few words in speech or writing;I asked him what I should do at work, to which he gave me the laconic answer, "try".,我问他工作上我该怎么做，他只给了一个简明的回答：尝试。
pernicious;/pərˈnɪʃəs/;adj. 有害的，恶性的，致命的;causing great harm or damage often in a way that is not easily seen or noticed;The scientist tried to extract pernicious venom from the cobra.,科学家试图从眼镜蛇提取致命的毒液。
tonic;/ˈtɑːnɪk/;n. 补药，主调音或基音；  adj. 滋补的，声调的，使精神振作的;a medicine that brings you back to a normal physical or mental condition;Ginseng is a well-known tonic which is good for health.,人参是一种非常出名的补药，它对身体非常好。
tyrannical;/tɪˈrænɪkl/;adj. 暴君的，专制的，残酷的;using power over people in a way that is cruel and unfair;Qin Shi Huangdi was a tyrannical emperor; he forced all of his people to work.,秦始皇是个暴君，他强迫所有人民干活儿。
chronic;/ˈkrɑːnɪk/;adj. （疾病）慢性的；长期的；（人）久病的；积习难改的；严重的;(especially of a disease) lasting for a long time;I suffer from chronic pain.,我被慢性疼痛所困扰。
nicety;/ˈnaɪsəti/;n. 细节，讲究;a small detail and especially one that is a part of polite or proper behavior;At dinner parties, you should observe all the niceties and be polite.,在晚餐聚会中，你应该观察每一个细节并礼貌行事。
cynic;/ˈsɪnɪk/;n. 愤世嫉俗者，犬儒学派的人；  adj. 犬儒学派的;a person who has negative opinions about other people and about the things people do;My mother is a bit of a cynic--she never thinks any good will come from anything.,我妈妈有点愤世嫉俗，她从不认为什么好事会发生。
tectonic;/tekˈtɑːnɪk/;adj. 构造的，建筑的，地壳构造上的;of or relating to changes in the structure of the Earth's surface;The movement of tectonic plates cause earthquakes.,板块的地壳运动造成了地震。
electronics;/ɪˌlekˈtrɑːnɪks/;n. 电子学，电子设备;a science that deals with the uses and effects of electrons;I studied electronics at university and can now fix this computer with ease.,我大学学的是电子学，现在我可以轻易修好这台电脑。
