wonder;/ˈwʌndər/;v. 想知道，惊奇；  n. 奇迹，惊奇;to think about something and try to decide what is true, what will happen, what you should do, etc.;The woman wonders if she carries a boy or a girl.,这个女人想知道她的宝宝是男是女。
beyond one's control;/ bɪ'jɑnd wʌns kənˈtrol /;不受……的控制;out of one's control;My car was beyond my control！,我的车失去控制了！
bondholder;/'bɒndˌhoʊldə/;n. 债券持有人;one who owns a bond issued by a government or corporation;I invested into a company bond. I'll be the bondholder until they repay me the money.,我投资了一些公司债券。在他们买回我手中的债券前我都是这个公司的债券持有人。
blonde;/blɑːnd/;adj. （头发）金黄色的；  n. 金发女郎;pale gold in colour;The model has long blonde hair.,这个模特有一头金色长发。
almond;/ˈɑːmənd/;n. 杏树，杏仁;a nut that has a sweet flavor;Yum! Almonds are a nutritious and tasty snack.,好吃！杏仁是有营养且美味的小吃。
conductivity;/ˌkɑːndʌkˈtɪvəti/;n. 传导性，传导率;the ability to move heat or electricity from one place to another :the power to conduct heat or electricity;Copper wires have an ideal electrical conductivity.,铜线具有理想的导电性。
conditional;/kənˈdɪʃənl/;adj. 有条件的，假定的；  n. 条件句，条件语;used to describe something (such as an agreement) that will happen only if something else also happens;Cats' love for humans seems to be conditional.,看来，猫对人类的爱是有条件的。
respondent;/rɪˈspɑːndənt/;n. 答卷者，应答者，【法】被告；  adj. 回答的，应答的;a person who gives a response or answer to a question that is asked especially as part of a survey;"Thank you for being a respondent for our survey.",“感谢你帮助我们完成调查。”
correspondence course;/kɔːrəˈspɑːndəns kɔːrs/;n. 函授课程;;Studying through a correspondence course can be useful to people with busy schedules.,参加函授课程对于日程繁忙的人们来说是很有用的。
wonderful;/ˈwʌndərfl/;adj. 极好的，惊人的，奇妙的;extremely good;Wow! What a wonderful test score!,哇，你的成绩真好!
fondle;/ˈfɑːndl/;v. 抚弄，抚摸;to touch or handle (something) in a gentle way;The couple fondled each other and he went into kiss her.,一对爱人爱抚着对方，接着男生试图亲吻女生。
fondness;/ˈfɑːndnəs/;n. 爱好，溺爱;;Fondness for each other makes the path easy to walk.,相互间的爱意使这条路走起来更容易。
condemnation;/ˌkɑːndemˈneɪʃn/;n. 谴责，定罪;a statement or expression of very strong and definite criticism or disapproval;Her mistake led to a lot of condemnation from her colleagues. ,她的错误受到了同事们的谴责。
unconditionally;/ˌʌnkənˈdɪʃənəli/;adv. 无条件地;without any conditions or limits;The mother loves her children unconditionally.,那个妈妈无条件地爱着她的孩子。
condense;/kənˈdens/;v. 压缩，精炼;to make (something) shorter or smaller by removing parts that are less important;We condense all kinds of herbs into pill form.,我们把所有的药草都压缩成药丸状了。
secondhand;/'sekəndhænd/;adj. 二手的，旧的，间接获得的；  adv. 间接地，间接听来，二手货地;buying or selling things that have already been owned or used;The boy bought a secondhand book from the old man.,男生从老头那买了一本二手书。
mint condition;;崭新的;a mint condition coin has never circulated and has been protected from touch or other human use. These coins can be valuable to collectors, but they tend to be illiquid assets;These shiny gold coins are brand new and in mint condition.,这些闪闪发光的金币处于崭新状态。
bondage;/ˈbɑːndɪdʒ/;n. 奴役，束缚;the state of being a slave;The alcoholic man was in bondage to booze.,酒鬼被酒精所奴役。
nondescript;/ˈnɑːndɪskrɪpt/;adj. 没有特征的，难以形容的，难以归类的;not easily described :having no special or interesting qualities, parts, etc. :typical and uninteresting;This is a nondescript, generic wine that no vineyard wants to give its name to.,这是一瓶没有特征的普通红酒，没有葡萄园愿意让它挂上他们的园名。
correspond;/ˌkɔːrəˈspɑːnd/;v. 通信，符合，对应，相当于;to write letters to somebody and receive letters from them;We correspond by email to stay in touch.,我们靠电子邮件来保持联系。
conditioner;/kənˈdɪʃənər/;n. 软化剂，调节器，护发素;a thick liquid that you put on your hair after washing it to make it softer and less dry;She used the conditioner to make her hair smoother and softer.,她用护发素让头发更加顺滑柔软。
Monday;/'mʌndeɪ/;n. 星期一;the day of the week after Sunday and before Tuesday, the first day of the working week;Today is Monday.,今天是星期一。
condiment;/ˈkɑːndɪmənt/;n. 调味品，佐料;something (such as salt, mustard, or ketchup) that is added to food to give it more flavor;Ketchup is a good condiment to put on a hamburger.,番茄酱是汉堡很好的调味料。
correspondence;/ˌkɔːrəˈspɑːndəns/;n. 信件，函件，通信，通信联系，符合，一致，相似;the act of exchanging letters;She checked the mailbox and began going through her correspondence.,她检查了自己的邮箱并开始阅读信件。
hypochondriac;/ˌhaɪpəˌkɑːnˈdraɪəkl/;n. 疑病患者，忧郁症患者;a person who is often or always worried about being ill;The hypochondriac makes a big deal out of every small health problem.,疑病患者就每个小的健康问题而小题大做。
respond;/rɪˈspɑːnd/;vi. 作答；响应；做出反应；  vt. 以…作答；  n. 应答;to say or write something as an answer to a question or request;"Oh yes!" I responded when the cute girl asked if I wanted a candy.,当那个可爱的小女孩问我想不想要颗糖的时候，我回应道：“欧耶！”
ponderous;/ˈpɑːndərəs/;adj. 笨重的，笨拙的，沉闷的;slow or awkward because of weight and size;The animal was gigantic and ponderous.,这个动物巨大而笨重。
correspond with;/,kɔrə`spɑnd wɪθ/;与……通信;to exchange letters with;He always corresponds with his sister who works in America.,他经常和他远在美国的姐姐通信。
preponderant;/prɪˈpɑːndərənt/;adj. 占优势的，压倒性的;greater in number, force, or importance;For now, the American military is the world's preponderant military force.,目前，美国军队是世界上最占优势的武装力量。
ponder;/ˈpɑːndər/;v. 仔细考虑，沉思;to think about or consider (something) carefully;She is pondering over what to wear today.,她在认真思考今天穿什么。
condone;/kənˈdoʊn/;v. 宽恕，赦免;to forgive or approve (something that is considered wrong) :to allow (something that is considered wrong) to continue;I can forgive your cheating on me, though of course I can't condone it.,我可以原谅你劈腿，不过当然我无法宽恕这件事。
condom;/ˈkɑːndəm/;n. 安全套，避孕套;;With condoms made by us, you can go as hard as you want.,有了我们的装备，你可以随便射。
beyond;/bɪˈjɑːnd/;adv. 更远处，更多，以后；  prep. 远处，超过，在能力、理解力之外;outside the limits or range of (something) :more than (something);The equation is beyond me, and it won't come out.,这道方程题超出了我的理解范围，怎么也解不出来。
despondent;/dɪˈspɑːndənt/;adj. 失望的，意气消沉的，没有精神的;very sad and without hope;She was despondent because the figures didn't add up.,数据加起来与总数不符，她很失望。
vagabond;/ˈvæɡəbɑːnd/;n. 流浪者；  v. 漂泊，流浪；  adj. 流浪的，流浪者的，漂泊的;a person who travels from place to place and does not have a home or much money;This homeless vagabond is sitting on the corner with only a small case and a piece of bread.,这位流浪汉携着一个小箱子和一小片面包坐在角落。
condole;/kən'doʊl/;v. 慰问，哀悼;express one's sympathetic grief, on the occasion of someone's death;He condoled with his brother on the loss of their beloved grandmother.,他向弟弟表示吊慰，他们失去了亲爱的奶奶。
condition;/kənˈdɪʃn/;n. 疾病，条件，情况，形势，状况，状态;a sickness or disease that a person has for a long time;He suffers from a heart condition.,他饱受心脏病的折磨。
unconditional;/ˌʌnkənˈdɪʃənl/;adj. 绝对的，无条件的;not limited in any way :complete and absolute;Mothers have unconditional love for their children.,妈妈对孩子的爱是无条件的。
conductor;/kənˈdʌktər/;n. 指挥，售票员，导体;a person who stands in front of people while they sing or play musical instruments and directs their performance;The conductor is leading the band.,乐队指挥正在指挥乐队。
pond;/pɑːnd/;n. 池塘;an area of water that is surrounded by land and that is smaller than a lake;She and her father were fishing in the pond.,她和她父亲正在鱼塘边钓鱼。
semiconductor;/ˌsemikənˈdʌktər/;n. 半导体;a material or object that allows some electricity or heat to move through it and that is used especially in electronic devices;Semiconductor devices are used in electronic circuits.,半导体设备用于电子回路中。
blond;/blɒnd/;adj. 金发的；  n. 白肤碧眼金发的人;of a yellow or very light brown color;The girl's blond hair matches perfectly with her pretty face.,女孩的金色头发和漂亮脸蛋真是绝配。
condolence;/kənˈdoʊləns/;n. 吊唁；哀悼;a feeling or expression of sympathy and sadness especially when someone is suffering because of the death of a family member, a friend, etc.;People lit candles to show their condolence for the earthquake victims.,人民点燃蜡烛来向地震中的受害者表示哀悼。
bond;/bɑːnd/;n. 凝聚力，债券，束缚物，联结物，保释金；  vi. 结合，团结一致;something that forms a connection between people or groups, such as a feeling of friendship or shared ideas and experiences;Family members have a strong bond. You can never tear them apart.,家庭成员之间有着强大的凝聚力，你永远也不能拆散他们。
London;/'lʌndən/;n. 伦敦;the capital and largest city of England; located on the Thames in southeastern England; financial and industrial and cultural center;These are symbols of London.,这些是伦敦的标志物。
air conditioner;/ˈer kəndɪʃənər/;n. 空调，空调设备;a machine that is used to cool and dry the air in a building, room, etc.;How could our air conditioner break down right at the beginning of the heat wave?!,空调怎么能在热浪袭来时坏掉呢？
beyond question;;无可争辩，毫无疑问;that cannot be questioned;Working through the night, his commitment to the job is beyond question!,他在深夜加班，他对工作的投入毫无疑问！
condor;/ˈkɑːndɔːr/;n. 【动物】神鹰，秃鹫;a very large black bird from South America or a related bird from North America;The condor flies high and looks for dead animals to eat.,秃鹫高飞在天上寻找已经死了的动物作为食物。
corresponding;/ˌkɔːrəˈspɑːndɪŋ/;adj. 相应的，符合的;having the same characteristics as something else; matching something else;Each medal winner should stand on the corresponding platform.,每一位奖牌得主都要站在相应的领奖台上。
condensation;/ˌkɑːndenˈseɪʃn/;n. 冷凝，凝结，压缩;small drops of water that form on a cold surface;When there is condensation on the glass, you know the drink is cold.,当杯子上有凝结的水汽的时候，你就能判断那个饮料是冰的了。
condemn;/kənˈdem/;v. 谴责，指责，判刑;to express very strong disapproval of somebody/something, usually for moral reasons;This dog is condemned for its bad behavior.,这只狗因其坏行为（随地便便）而受到谴责。
conducive;/kənˈduːsɪv/;adj. 有益的，有助于…的;making it easy, possible, or likely for something to happen or exist;A comfortable bed and quietness are conducive to a good sleep.,一张舒适的床和一个安静的环境有助于睡眠。
second;/'sekənd/;n. 第二名，二等品，副手，秒，片刻；  adj. 第二的，次等的，另一个的，附加的，副的；  adv. 第二;one of the sixty parts that a minute is divided into;Warm up your meal in the microwave for a few seconds.,用微波炉把你的饭打热几秒钟。
semi-conductor;/'semɪkənd'ʌktər/;n. 半导体;Solar cell is one kind of semi-conductor devices that converts solar energy directly into electrical energy;A semi-conductor is like a tiny electronic switch.,半导体就像一个微型电闸。
second-hand;;adj. 二手的，旧的，用过的;acquired after being used by another : not new;I bought these second-hand items at bargain prices!,我以超值的价格买到了这些二手货。
preponderance;/prɪˈpɑːndərəns/;n. 优势，多数，占优势;a greater amount or number of something;There is a preponderance of black pieces on the chessboard. ,黑棋在棋盘上占多数。
hang on a second;/hæŋ ɑːn ə ˈsekənd/;等一下;wait a second;Please hang on a second, I'll check your information.,请稍等一下，我先确认一下您的信息。
condom;/ˈkɑːndəm/;n. 安全套，避孕套;a thin rubber covering that a man wears on his penis during sex in order to prevent a woman from becoming pregnant or to prevent the spread of diseases;If you have sex with a stranger, always wear a condom! You never know if you might catch something,,如果你和陌生人ooxx，记得一定要戴套子！谁知道你会不会因此染上什么病呢。
condescending;/ˌkɑːndɪˈsendɪŋ/;adj. 贬低的，有优越感的;showing that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people;He has a condescending attitude towards his colleagues.,他对他的同事们总是有种居高临下的姿态。
abscond;/əbˈskɑːnd/;v. 逃匿，潜逃，避债;to go away or escape from a place secretly;He absconded with the stolen money and was never heard from again.,他拿着偷来的钱潜逃了，从此再无音讯。
fond;/fɑːnd/;adj. 喜欢的，喜爱的，溺爱的，精神错乱的；  v. 喜爱，喜欢;feeling or showing love or friendship;I’m fond of having physical contact with my masculine boyfriend.,我喜欢跟我的六块腹肌男友有身体接触。
diamond;/ˈdaɪəmənd/;n. 钻石；金钢石；菱形；棒球内场;a very hard usually transparent stone that is a form of carbon and is used especially in jewelry;As the saying goes, "Diamonds are a girl's best friend.",俗话说,“钻石是女孩最好的朋友”。
conditioning;/kənˈdɪʃənɪŋ/;n. 调节，条件作用，整修，健身训练;the act or process of training a person or animal to do something or to behave in a certain way in a particular situation;These conditioning exercises will make your body stronger.,这些调节训练能使你的身体更强壮。
frond;/frɑːnd/;n. （羊齿，棕榈等的）叶子，叶状体;a large, long leaf;The palm frond has many thin leaves.,棕榈树叶有很多细叶。
correspondent;/ˌkɔːrəˈspɑːndənt/;n. 通讯员，记者；  adj. 符合的，一致的，相当的;person who contributes news or comments regularly to a newspaper, radio station, etc.;After the earthquake, the correspondent sent us the first news.,发生地震后，这记者发回了第一手新闻。
conduct;/kənˈdʌkt/;n. 行为；  v. 做，指挥，传导（电、热等）;the way that a person behaves in a particular place or situation;Their intimate contact is indeed a hurtful conduct to that single man.,这对情侣亲密的动作简直就是深深伤害那只单身狗的行为。（单身狗也是狗，请停止虐狗行为ε(┬┬﹏┬┬)3）
above(beyond) reproach;;adv. 无可指责，无可厚非;without disgrace or shame;The ruler was above reproach; everybody loved him.,该统治者无可指责，每个人都爱他。
misconduct;/ˌmɪs'kɑːndʌkt/;n. 不端行为，管理或处理不善；  v. 行为不检，管理或处理不当;unacceptable behaviour, especially by a professional person;It's considered serious misconduct for a scholar to copy someone else's work.,学者抄袭他人的著作被认为是严重不端的行为。
condenser;/kənˈdensər/;n. 冷凝器;a device used for changing a gas into a liquid;The still's condenser turns the alcohol vapor into liquid.,蒸馏仪的冷凝器将酒精蒸汽变作液体。
air-conditioned;/ˈer kəndɪʃnd/;adj. 备有空调装置的；  v. 给…装上空调器，用空调器调节（air-condition的过去分词）; cooled by air conditioning;The weather is very hot, so I'm glad our office is air-conditioned.,天气太热了，所以我很高兴办公室装有空调。
recondite;/ˈrekəndaɪt/;adj. 深奥的，隐藏的，不为人知的;not understood or known by many people;He stayed up late studying recondite legal theories no-one else knew or cared about.,他熬夜学习深奥的、没人知道或关心的法律理论。
secondary;/ˈsekənderi/;adj. 第二的，次要的，中学的;not as important or valuable as something else;He took the silver medal, which is secondary in importance.,他取得了第二重要的银牌。
