swordfish;/ˈsɔːrdfɪʃ/;n. 箭鱼;a very large fish that lives in the ocean, that has a long, pointed upper jaw which looks like a sword, and that is eaten as food;Swordfish have a long, thin bill that they use for spearing other fish.,箭鱼拥有长而尖的上颌，用来刺穿其他鱼类。
according to;/əˈkɔːrdɪŋ tə/;根据，据…所说;as directed or required by (rules, directions, etc.);According to the law, you are guilty.,根据法律，你罪名成立。
primordial;/praɪˈmɔːrdiəl/;adj. 原始的，根本的，原生的;existing from the beginning of time :very ancient;Primordial life may have started in volcanoes, a thousand million years ago.,初始的生命很可能是数十亿年前在火山中形成的。
Jordan;/'dʒɔːrdn/;n. 约旦;;Jordan lies to the East of Israel, in the Middle East.,约旦位于中东，在以色列的东部。
recording;/rɪˈkɔːrdɪŋ/;n. 录像，录音；  adj. 记录的，记录用的;music, sounds, or images that have been stored on a record, CD, computer, etc., so that they can be heard or seen again;We can transfer your old sound recording onto a CD so you can listen to it at home.,我们能把你老唱片上的音乐转存到CD光盘上，以便你在家也能听。
ordinary;/ˈɔːrdneri/;adj. 普通的，平常的，平凡的;normal or usual; not unusual, different, or special;He was a president, but now he's just an ordinary man.,他曾经是总统，而现在他只是一个普通人。
keep one's word;;phr. 守信;be as good as one's word;I swear I will keep my word.,我发誓我会守信用的。
subordinate;/səˈbɔːrdɪnət/;n. 部下；下属；  adj. 次要的；从属的；下级的；  v. 使从属于；使处于次要地位;someone who has less power or authority than someone else;The status of subordinates is lower than their superior.,下属的地位比他们上司的地位要低。
cord;/kɔːrd/;n. 细绳，索，（电工学）电绳；  vt. 用绳、索捆扎;a long, thin material that is usually thicker than a string but thinner than a rope;I can't believe that I was tripped by this cord!,我不敢相信我居然被这根细绳绊倒了！
PR coordinator;;n. 公关协调员（public relations coordinator）;;As a PR coordinator, you must organise press releases and ensure your client is well represented.,作为一名公关协调员，你必须学会如何组织一场发布会并确保你的客户能顺利出席。
cordon;/ˈkɔːrdn/;n. 哨兵线，警戒线，饰带；  v. 布设警戒线，封锁交通;a line of people or objects that are placed around or in front of a person or place to keep people away;For your own safety, please do not cross the police cordon.,为了你的自身安全，请不要越过警戒线。
coordinator;/koʊˈɔːrdɪneɪtər/;n. 协调者，同等的人或物，【自】协调器;someone whose task is to see that work goes harmoniously;A coordinator's job is to bring order and organization to a project.,协调者的工作是维持项目的组织及有序。
corduroy;/ˈkɔːrdərɔɪ/;n. 【纺】灯芯绒，楞条花布，灯芯绒裤子，用灯芯绒布制的衣服；  adj. 灯芯绒做的，泥地上用木头铺排成的;a strong cotton cloth with straight raised lines on it;My old corduroy jacket is so outdated.,我的灯芯绒外套已经过时了。
sordid;/ˈsɔːrdɪd/;adj. 卑鄙的，肮脏的，色彩死气沉沉暗淡的;very dirty;I really don't want to use this sordid toilet.,我真的不想用这个脏死了的马桶。
coordinate;/koʊˈɔːrdɪneɪt/;v. 使协调，使一致，调整；  n. 坐标，同等的人物，配套服装；  adj. 并列的，同等的;to organize the different parts of an activity and the people involved in it so that it works well;The two men coordinated with each other to carry water.,两个人一起合作去挑水。
cordless;/ˈkɔːrdləs/;adj. 无绳的，（电器）不用电线的，无线的;powered by a battery rather than by electricity through a cord;A cordless mouse is convenient for using your computer.,操作电脑时，无线鼠标很好用。
out of order;;出毛病，运转不正常;something has malfunction or brakes down;He is angry because the washing machine is out of order.,他有点生气，因为洗衣机出毛病了。
place order;/pleɪs/ /ˈɔrdər/;订购;;You can place your order with me, your friendly waitress.,我是你的服务员，你可以找我点菜。
ordain;/ɔːrˈdeɪn/;v. 注定，规定，任命（牧师），颁布命令;to officially make (someone) a minister, priest, rabbi, etc.;He is being ordained as a priest by the bishop wearing white.,他被白衣大主教任命为一名牧师。
overlord;/ˈoʊvərlɔːrd/;n. 封建领主;a person who has power over a large number of people;We must do everything our overlord asks of us.,我们必须对最高领主言听计从。
prerecord;/ˌpriːrɪ'kɔːd/;v. 事先录制;to record (something, such as a radio or television program) before showing it to the public, broadcasting it, etc.;We can prerecord this movie scene and edit it later.,我们可以事先录制这个电影场景，之后再剪辑。
insubordinate;/ˌɪnsəˈbɔːrdɪnət/;adj. 不服从的，反抗的;not obeying authority :refusing to follow orders;Insubordinate workers do not listen to their bosses.,反抗的员工不听从他们的老板。
ford;/fɔːrd/;v. 涉水，渡河；  n. 浅滩，浅水处;to cross (an area of water) by walking or riding across a shallow part;The man fords the river while pulling his bike.,这男人拖着他的车涉水过河。
orderly;/ˈɔːrdərli/;adj. 有秩序的，整齐的，有条不紊的;arranged or organized in a logical or regular way;The soldiers are marching forward in an orderly way.,士兵们在有序地行军。
accordance;/əˈkɔːrdns/;n. 符合；一致；授予;in a way that agrees with or follows (something, such as a rule or request);The little boy wore a helmet in accordance with safety regulations.,按照安全规定，这个小男孩儿戴了一个头盔。
discord;/ˈdɪskɔːrd/;n. 不和，争吵，（声音）不和谐;lack of agreement between people, ideas, etc.;Fights can result in lasting discord between people.,争吵会导致人与人之间的不和。
landlord;/ˈlændlɔːrd/;n. 房东，地主;a person who owns a house, apartment, etc., and rents it to other people;My landlord is fierce; nobody dares to owe her money.,包租婆太凶猛，没人敢欠她钱。
in a word;;phr. 总之，简言之;all in all;In a word, this TV series is terrible.,总之，这部剧很烂。
horde;/hɔːrd/;n. 一大群，群，游牧部落;a large group of people;Hordes of people travel to the city center every morning.,每天早上人群都往市中心赶。
border;/ˈbɔːrdər/;n. 边界；边境；边缘；  vi. 近似；毗邻；  vt. 与……接壤；为……镶边;a line separating one country or state from another;The border between the US and Canada is very long.,美国与加拿大的国界线很长。
keyword;/ˈkiːwɜːrd/;n. 关键字;a word that tells you about the main idea or subject of sth.;We must input keywords into a search engine to find what we need.,我们要在搜索引擎中输入关键字来找到我们想要的。
inordinate;/ɪnˈɔːrdɪnət/;adj. 过度的，无节制的，紊乱的;going beyond what is usual, normal, or proper;Why must the fat woman eat such an inordinate amount of food?!,为什么这个胖女人非得无节制的吃东西？
ordinarily;/ˌɔːrdnˈerəli/;adv. 普通；通常;used to describe the way things are normally or usually done;Ordinarily we have lunch from 12:00 to 1:00.,我们通常在12点到1点之间吃午饭。
in accord with;/ɪn/ /əˈkɔrd/ /wɪθ/;phr. 与…一致;in line with;Your thoughts are totally in accord with my thoughts!,你的想法完全跟我的想法完全一致！
extraordinarily;/ɪkˌstrɔːrdəˈnerəli/;adv. 格外地；非常好地;going beyond what is usual, regular, or customary;The silver egg is extraordinarily eye-catching.,那银色的鸡蛋格外地显眼。
record holder;;n. 记录保持者;the person or thing that has achieved something no other person or thing has achieved :a person or thing that holds a record;He is the world record holder of the men's 100-meter race.,博尔特是男子一百米短跑世界记录保持者。
go according to plan;;按计划进行;;The whole project is going according to plan; we will hopefully finish it on time.,整个项目正按计划进行，我们非常有希望能够按时完成它。
crossword;/ˈkrɔːswɜːrd/;n. 纵横字谜，纵横填字谜;is a word game in which you work out the answers and write them in the white squares of a pattern of small black and white squares.;These crossword puzzles are so hard! I'm terrible at them.,这些纵横字谜太难了！我不擅长。
word of mouth;;口头语，口碑;the passing of information from person to person by oral communication;News spread fast by word of mouth about the best way to learn English words!,关于这个最好的英语学习方法，通过口碑效应传播得很快。
fjord;/ˈfjɔːrd/;n. 峡湾（尤指挪威海岸边的）;a narrow part of the ocean between cliffs or steep hills or mountains;Only a few fishermen live on this remote Norwegian fjord.,只有少量渔民居住在这片偏远的挪威峡湾。
record;/ˈrekərd/;v. 记录，把（声音，图像）录下；  n. 档案;if you record something such as a speech or performance, you put it on tape or film so that it can be heard or seen again later;The video camera will record our interview.,这部摄影机会记录我们的访谈。
ordinance;/ˈɔːrdɪnəns/;n. 法令，条例，圣餐式;a law or regulation made by a city or town government;The ordinance in the village allows marriages between cats and mice.,这个屯的法规允许猫鼠通婚。
wording;/'wɜːrdɪŋ/;n. 措辞，语法，印字;​
the choice and meaning of the words used when you say or write something;He paid close attention to the wording when writing poetry.,在写诗时，他密切注意自己的措辞。
in order that;;为了;for sth;In order that you succeed, you will need to think.,为了成功，你需要思考。
chord;/kɔːrd/;n. 和弦；和音；心弦；（数学）弦;a group of three or more musical notes that are played or sung at the same time;She's playing chords on the piano.,她在钢琴上弹奏和弦。
chordate;/'kɔːˌdeɪt/;n. 脊索动；  adj. 【动】脊索动物的;any animal of the phylum Chordata having a notochord or spinal column;All birds are classed as chordates because they have backbones.,所有鸟类都被归为脊索动物，因为它们有脊骨。
affordable housing;;经济适用房;housing for people whose income is a certain percentage below the median income for an area;Affordable housing is provided for low and medium income families.,经济适用房是为中低收入家庭提供的住房。
accordion;/əˈkɔːrdiən/;n. 手风琴；  adj. 可折叠的;a musical instrument that is shaped like a box and that is held in your hands and played by pulling its sides apart and then pushing them together while pressing buttons and keys;Bob has mastered the accordion after 10 years of playing. ,鲍勃掌握手风琴已经十年了。
ordeal;/ɔːrˈdiːl/;n. 严峻考验，苦难的经历，折磨;an experience that is very unpleasant or difficult;The ordeal made the man helpless and hopeless.,严峻的考验使他既无助又无望。
clavichord;/ˈklævɪkɔːrd/;n. 古钢琴;a musical instrument that is similar to a piano and was played mostly in the past before the piano was invented;The clavichord sounds beautiful in a small room.,古钢琴在小房间里听起来很美妙。
disorder;/dɪsˈɔːrdər/;n. 混乱，不端行为，动乱；  vt. 使混乱，使紊乱;a physical or mental condition that is not normal or healthy;The room was in a state of disorder.,这房间混乱不堪。
tape recorder;;phr. 磁带录音机;a machine used to record and play sound on magnetic tape;Have you ever used a tape recorder?,你用过盒式录音机吗？
discordant;/dɪsˈkɔːrdənt/;adj. 不和谐的，刺耳的，不一致的;harsh or unpleasant in sound;He couldn't sing in tune, and his guitar playing was discordant as well.,他唱歌不着调，吉他弹得也不和谐。
spinal cord;/ˌspaɪnl ˈkɔːrd/;脊髓;the large group of nerves which runs through the center of the spine and carries messages between the brain and the rest of the body;If the spine presses on the spinal cord, a back massage can help relieve the pain.,如果脊柱压迫了脊髓，背部按摩能缓解疼痛。
ordinate;/ˈɔːrdɪnət/;n. 纵座标;the value of a coordinate on the vertical axis;The abscissa represents time, and the ordinate represents profits.,这个图的横坐标代表时间，纵坐标代表收益。
extraordinary;/ɪkˈstrɔːrdəneri/;adj. 非同寻常的；特别的;not normal or ordinary; greater or better than usual;The teacher said my daughter has extraordinary musical talent.,老师说我女儿的音乐天赋异禀。
affordable;/əˈfɔːrdəbl/;adj. 买得起的，担负得起的;that you have the financial means for;He is thinking about whether a bicycle is affordable for him.,他正在考虑是否买得起一辆自行车。
afford;/əˈfɔːrd/;vt. 买得起；抽得出时间；担负得起；提供；产生；赐予；  vi. 买得起；担负得起;to be able to pay for (something);I've married a tycoon who can afford the branded goods for me.,姐嫁给了一个能给我买名牌货的土豪。
coordinated;/kə'ʊɔːdɪneɪtɪd/;adj. 协调的;operating as a unit;Our movements have to be perfectly coordinated for us to win.,我们的动作必须完美地协调起来才能去赢得比赛。
password;/'pæswɜːrd/;n. 密码，口令;a series of letters or numbers that you must type into a computer or computer system in order to be able to use it.;The computer is locked; do you know the right password?,这个电脑锁上了，你知道它的密码吗？
order;/ˈɔːrdər/;v. 点（酒菜），订购，命令；  n. 顺序，条理，治安，指令;to ask for sth. to eat or drink in a restaurant, bar, etc.;“Can I help you?” “Yes, we'd like to order some food.”,—请问有什么需要吗？
camcorder;/'kæmkɔːrdər/;n. 便携式摄像机，摄录机;a lightweight, handheld video camera.;You can use this camcorder to make a video of your amazing journey.,你可以用这个便携摄像机为你精彩的旅程拍摄一个视频。
concord;/ˈkɑːŋkɔːrd/;n. 和睦，公约;a state in which people or things agree with each other and exist together in a peaceful way;Peace and progress depend on concord between the world's most powerful countries.,和平与进步取决于世界最强国之间的和睦。
in order to;;phr. 为了;for sth;In order to drink the water, the crow dropped many stones into the bottle.,为了喝到水，这只乌鸦叼来了许多小石头放进瓶子里。
in order;;按顺序; appropriate or even needed in the circumstances;Customers will be served in order of arrival. Please wait.,消费者按先来后到的顺序消费。请等候。
ordination;/ˌɔːrdnˈeɪʃn/;n. 神职授任;the official act or process of making someone a priest, minister, etc.;My ordination as a priest was the most important moment of my life.,我被授圣职为一名牧师的时刻是我一生中最重要的时刻。
recorder;/rɪˈkɔːrdər/;n. 录音机，记录员;a musical instrument that is shaped like a tube with holes and that is played by blowing into the top of the tube;If I don't have a pen, I just say a note into my tape recorder.,如果我没有笔，就会录一个语音备忘录在磁带中。
word;/wɜːrd/;n. 字，词，话；  v. 用言词表达;a sound or combination of sounds that has a meaning and is spoken or written;He may know many words, but I don't think he knows how to play this game.,他也许认识许多单词，但不一定能玩转这个游戏。
fiord;/ˈfjɔːrd/;n. 峡湾，海湾;a long narrow strip of ocean between high cliffs;In Norway, there are many stunning fiords.,在挪威，有许多绝美的峡湾。
coordination;/koʊˌɔːrdɪˈneɪʃn/;n. 同等，协调，调和，对等;the process of organizing people or groups so that they work together properly and well;Synchronized swimming requires great coordination.,花样游泳需要相当高的协调性。
accord;/əˈkɔːrd/;n. 协议，一致，符合，（尤指国与国之间的）谅解；  v. 相一致，相符合，授予，赠与;a formal or official agreement;Finally they all reached an accord about what the treaty should say.,他们终于就条约的内容达成了协议。
lord;/lɔːrd/;n. 有爵位的贵族，阁下，君主，上帝；  vi. 逞威风；  vt. 称…为勋爵;(in Britain) a man of high rank in the nobility, or somebody who has been given the title ‘lord’ as an honour;He's an English Lord honored by the King.,他是一个被国王册封的英国贵族。
foreword;/ˈfɔːrwɜːrd/;n. 序，前言;a section at the beginning of a book that introduces the book and is usually written by someone other than the book's author;The foreword attracted me to continue reading the novel.,这本小说的前言吸引我继续读下去。
sword;/sɔːrd/;n. 剑，刀;a weapon with a long metal blade that has a sharp point and edge;He draws out the sword and gets ready for a fight.,他握住剑，准备最后一战！
keep one's word;;phr. 守信;be as good as one's word;We promise we'll keep our words on this. You can trust us.,我们承诺我们会守信，你可以相信我们。
in other words;/ɪn/ /ˈʌðər/ /wɜːdz/;phr. 换句话说;otherwise stated;Time is money. In other words, saving time means saving money.,时间就是金钱，换句话说，节约时间就是节约金钱。
extraordinary;/ɪkˈstrɔːrdəneri/;adj. 非同寻常的，特别的;very unusual :very different from what is normal or ordinary;The teacher said my daughter has extraordinary musical talent.,老师说我女儿的音乐天赋非同寻常。
border on (upon);;v. 接近，近似;;The country of Afghanistan borders on Pakistan.,阿富汗接壤巴基斯坦。
cordial;/ˈkɔːrdʒəl/;adj. 热情友好的，衷心的;politely pleasant and friendly;Our boss is cordial and kind with us.,我们的老板非常热情友好，对我们很好。
harpsichord;/ˈhɑːrpsɪkɔːrd/;n. 键琴;a musical instrument that is similar to a piano but with strings that are plucked rather than struck;Mozart mastered the harpsichord and used it for many songs.,莫扎特精通琴键并因此演奏了很多乐曲。
buzzword;/'bʌzwɜːrd/;n. 流行词，行话，漂亮口号;a word or phrase, especially one connected with a particular subject, that has become fashionable and popular and is used a lot in newspapers, etc.;Buzzwords seem to gain popularity through use on the internet.,流行词语一般通过网络使用流行起来。
