fireworks;/'faɪəˌwɜːks/;n. 焰火;Fireworks are small objects that are lit to entertain people on special occasions. They contain chemicals and burn brightly or attractively, often with a loud noise, when you light them.;The spectacular holiday fireworks lit up the sky.,壮观的节日烟火点亮了夜空。
rewrite;/ˈriːraɪt/;v. 改写，重写；  n. 重写或改写的文稿，改写的作品;to write (something) again especially in a different way in order to improve it or to include new information;I have rewritten this form for several times.,这表格我已经重写过很多次了。
firework;/ˈfaɪərwɜːrk/;n. 爆竹，烟火;a small device that explodes to make a display of light and noise;I saw a lot of fireworks during the Spring  Festival holiday. ,春节期间，我看到了很多烟火爆竹。
brew;/bruː/;v. 调制；酿造；  n. 酝酿的饮料;to make (coffee, tea, etc.);The poison has been brewed using a traditional method.,毒药是通过传统方法制成的。
strew;/struː/;vt. 撒，把…撒在…上，散播，点缀;to spread or scatter things over or on the ground or some other surface;Don't let my little girls cook; they'll strew baking powder all over the kitchen.,不要让我们的小女孩们做饭，他们会把焙粉撒满厨房。
screw;/skruː/;n. 螺旋，螺丝；  vi. 拧紧，敲诈勒索；  vt. 用螺钉固定，把…拧紧;a narrow, pointed metal cylinder that has a wide flat or rounded top and a ridge (called a thread) that goes around it in a spiral;At each turn, the screw goes further into the piece of wood.,每转一圈，螺丝钉在这块木头里就钉的更深。
non-financial reward;;非财务奖励;;The boss's approval, a trophy, and a week off work are great non-financial rewards.,老板的肯定、奖杯和一周的休假是相当棒的非财务奖励。
crew;/kruː/;n. 全体船员，乘务员，职员，同事，工友;the group of people who operate a ship, airplane, or train;The crew members enjoy their journey in searching for one piece.,全体船员享受着他们的航海之旅，去寻找大宝藏。
screwdriver;/ˈskruːdraɪvər/;n. 螺丝刀，改锥;a tool that is used for turning screws;The tip of a screwdriver is either flat or cross-shaped.,螺丝刀的尖端要么是平的要么是十字形的。
rework;/ˌriː'wɜːrk/;v. 改写，重做，返工;revise; to work over again; to subject to a repeated or new process;He has reworked the first paragraph of his novel several times.,他已经重写了好几次他小说的第一段了。
shrewd;/ʃruːd/;adj. 精明的；机灵的；  n. 精明；精明者;having or showing an ability to understand things and to make good judgments; mentally sharp or clever;He was a shrewd businessman who was careful with every penny.,他是一个精明的商人，会精打细算自己的每一分钱。
brewery;/ˈbruːəri/;n. 啤酒厂;a place where beer is made;Our whiskey comes from the finest breweries.,我们的威士忌来自最好的酒厂。
firewood;/ˈfaɪərwʊd/;n. 木柴;wood used to make a fire :wood used as fuel;We cooked our dinner over firewood.,我们在柴火上做晚饭。
careworn;/ˈkerwɔːrn/;adj. 伤心焦虑的，饱经忧患的，疲倦的;looking sad, tired, or worried;Her face was careworn as I told her she might have cancer.,当我告诉她，她可能得了癌症的时候，她的脸上充满了焦虑。
reward;/rɪˈwɔːrd/;n. 报答，报酬，奖赏，补偿；  vt. 酬谢，报答，报应;money or another kind of payment that is given or received for something that has been done or that is offered for something that might be done;Lord Bao receives a gift in reward for his hard work.,为奖励包大人辛苦工作，他收到了礼物。
foreword;/ˈfɔːrwɜːrd/;n. 序，前言;a section at the beginning of a book that introduces the book and is usually written by someone other than the book's author;The foreword attracted me to continue reading the novel.,这本小说的前言吸引我继续读下去。
rewind;/ˌriːˈwaɪnd/;v. 回转（磁带等）;a function that causes a recording (such as an audiotape or a videotape) to go backwards;Wait, what did he say? Rewind the track a bit so I can hear it again.,等等，他说了什么？把音轨倒回去一点让我再听一遍。
farewell;/ˌferˈwel/;n. 再见，告别，离别；  adj. 告别的;the act of saying goodbye to somebody;She said her farewell and drove off.,她说了句再见，就开车走了。
