yourself;/jɔːrˈself/;pron. 你自己;(the reflexive form of you) used when the person or people being spoken to both cause and are affected by an action;Look at yourself in the mirror.,看看镜子里的你自己。
intercourse;/ˈɪntərkɔːrs/;n. 性交；交际；交换；交流；通商;communication and actions between people;Last night was my first time having sexual intercourse.,昨晚是我的初夜。
purse;/pɜːrs/;n. 钱包（尤指女用的），小钱袋，手袋;a small bag made of leather, plastic, etc. for carrying coins and often also paper money, cards, etc., used especially by women;This purse can hold a lot of change.,这个钱包能装好多零钱。
nursery;/ˈnɜːrsəri/;n. 托儿所，保育室，苗圃;a place where children are cared for during the day while their parents are working;I drop off my kids at the nursery before I go to work.,上班之前我把孩子们送去了托儿所。
correspondence course;/kɔːrəˈspɑːndəns kɔːrs/;n. 函授课程;;Studying through a correspondence course can be useful to people with busy schedules.,参加函授课程对于日程繁忙的人们来说是很有用的。
main course;;主菜;;What would you like for the main course?,主菜您想吃点什么呢？
disburse;/dɪs'bɜːrs/;n. 支付，支出;to pay out money, usually from an amount that has been collected for a particular purpose.;The government has disbursed 1.2 trillion RMB for healthcare this year.,政府今年在卫生方面支付了1.2万亿人民币。
collision course;;冲突（的进程或行动）;course or action that is certain to lead to a collision with sb/sth;Their relationship is on a collision course.,他们的感情冲突不断。
training course;;培训课程;;New employees must take the training course to fully understand their job role.,新员工必须参加本培训课程，以充分了解自身的工作角色。
course;/kɔːrs/;n. 发展，进程，课程，一道菜;a series of classes about a particular subject in a school;My biology course was cancelled from Monday's school schedule.,我周一的生物课取消了。
reimburse;/ˌriːɪmˈbɜːrs/;v. 偿还，赔偿;to pay someone an amount of money equal to an amount that person has spent;I have no choice but to reimburse the money after seeing the receipt for loan.,看见欠条后，我除了还钱别无选择。
nurse;/nɜːrs/;n. 护士，保姆；  v. 护理，看护;a person who is trained to care for sick or injured people and who usually works in a hospital or doctor's office;The patient is very close with her nurse.,病人跟她的护士很亲近。
coursebook;/ˈkɔːrsbʊk/;n. 课本;textbook;The boy sat in the classroom and studied his coursebooks.,小男孩坐在教室里读着自己的课本。
bourse;/bʊrs/;n. 证券交易所;a stock exchange, especially the one in Paris;I work as a bond dealer at the bourse in Paris.,我在巴黎的证券交易所当证券交易员。
nursery rhyme;/ˈnɜːrsəri raɪm/;n. 童谣;a simple traditional poem or song for children;The mom sings a nursery rhyme to let her baby sleep.,妈妈哼了一首童谣来哄宝贝睡觉。
yourselves;/jə'selvz/;pron. 你们自己，你们本人（yourself的复数）;used when the person or people being spoken to both cause and are affected by an action;Help yourselves to some food.,大家随便吃。
of course;;当然;certainly;Of course, the man with the strong arm will win.,当然胳膊强壮的人会赢得比赛啦。
curse;/kɜːrs/;n. 诅咒；咒骂；祸因；  v. 诅咒；咒骂；使受罪;a word or phrase that has a magic power to make something bad happen;The witch lays a curse on her enemy.,我要画个圈圈诅咒你！
recourse;/ˈriːkɔːrs/;n. 求援（对象），求助（对象，【商】【律】追索权;an opportunity or choice to use or do something in order to deal with a problem or situation;After nobody rescued us from the island, our last recourse was to paint "S-O-S" on the rocks and hope a plane saw it.,由于岛上没人营救，我们最后的求助方式就是在石头上画上“S-O-S”， 祈求某架飞机能够看到。
racecourse;/ˈreɪskɔːrs/;n. 赛马场，跑马场，跑道; is a track on which horses race;We cheered our horses on as they ran around the racecourse.,马匹跑进赛马场时，我们都在加油欢呼。
discourse;/ˈdɪskɔːrs/;n. 交谈，演讲，论述，讲道；  v. 演讲，谈论;the use of words to exchange thoughts and ideas;We had a long discourse about our views on life.,我们讨论了很久各自对生活的看法。
watercourse;/ˈwɔːtərkɔːrs/;n. 河道，水道;a river, stream, etc.;The watercourse winds through the field.,河道从地上蜿蜒而过。
ourselves;/ɑːrˈselvz/;pron. 我们自己;the reflexive form of we; used when you and another person or other people together cause and are affected by an action;We took this picture of ourselves.,我们给自己拍了这张照片。
